1	What's your name?	Addison .	My name is Sam .	My name is James .	Jenny Madison .	My name is Li Jean .
1	what day is it today? 	It 's Friday .	Today is December twenty-third , two thousand and two .	Today is Thursday .	It 's Thursday , I think .	It 's Monday , October 27 . Speaking of dates , when are you leaving ?
1	How's the weather today?	It 's cloudy .	It 's hot .	It 's fine today .	It 's really cold . It snowed all day and the schools closed early .	It 's really cold . It snowed all day and the school closed early .
1	How are you today?	Great , thanks .	I 'm very well , Thank you . And you ?	Very well .	I 'm fine .	Good . Thanks for asking .
1	How are you?	No so good . I broke traffic regulations yesterday and I got a ticket .	Fine .	Fine .	I 'm doing well .	Fine , and you ?
1	How are you doing?	I 'm pretty good , you ?	I 'm doing great .	Everything 's fine with me .	Great . Thanks .	I 'm ok . I wish I could say the same for my friend .
1	How are you feeling today?	I 'm much better . The stomachache is gone , and the doctor is about to give me another endoscope examination to see whether the ulcer has healed .	I 'm pretty tired . I haven 't been sleeping well .	Bad . My nose keeps running . And my forehead is burning .	Very well .	Great , thanks .
1	How many people in your family?	As you know , china has a single-child policy . Therefore , there 's just my husband , my daughter and I . What about in your family ?	As you know , China has a single-child policy . Therefore , there 's just my husband , my daughter and I . What about in your family ?	There are four people in my family .	Five . Besides my parents and me , there are my brother and sister .	Five . My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .
1	What's your hobby?	Photograph .	I 'd like reading books best .	My absolutely favorite kind of pie is apple .	I think I need a thorough check-up .	Swimming . What about you ?
1	What do you do in your free time? 	Study English .	Study English .	Study English .	I 'm really into watching foreign films . what about you ?	Well , I like playing the violin .
1	Did you have lunch? 	From one to two .	From one to two .	All I had was a sandwich , chips , and soda .	Yes . When ?	Yes , I packed it myself .
1	What did you have for breakfast?	I usually have cereal , but sometimes I cook a traditional English breakfast .	I usually have cereal , but sometimes I cook a traditional English breakfast .	When I need to make a quick breakfast , I just make some oatmeal , toast , and OJ .	I just have some cereal each morning .	I 'm not quite hungry now . Let me think for a while .
1	What did you do today?	Played poker with my work friends .	I helped build the sets and find props for the plays . What about you ?	I didn 't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD 's . But then he came in too .	I didn 't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD 's . But then he came in too .	I shouted it back of course .
1	What did you eat for lunch?	All I usually have is some cereal for breakfast .	All I had was a sandwich , chips , and soda .	What do you feel like having ?	Are you going to cook anything ?	Whatever meal that you plan on making .
1	What do you do for fun?	I 'm a student . How about you ?	Yep . And I should start planning now .	I need you for my court date .	I have a court date coming up .	I like to go to the movies . What do you do in your free time ?
1	why do you want to learn English?	I have no trouble communicating with native English Speaker . I even taught spoken English in a training school .	I started to learn English when I was in primary school .	Yes .	Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college .	It gives me great satisfaction .
1	When did you start to learn English?	I started to learn English when I was in primary school .	Yeah . I like it , Dad .	When do you have time ?	in college . But I don 't dance very often . What 's your favourite dance ?	In college . But I don 't dance very often . What 's your favourite dance ?
1	What season do you like the most 	I like spring .	I like spring best . It is neither too cold nor too hot . Freezing days make me lazy and stuffy days make me lazier . How about you ?	I like spring .	I like spring . The days are long and the nights are short . The flowers in blew . We go on picnics	I like spring best . It is neither too cold nor too hot . Freezing days make me lazy and stuffy days make me lazier . How about you ?
1	What would you like to do in your free time?	Study English .	Study English .	Study English .	I also like going to the movies .	I 'm really into watching foreign films . what about you ?
1	Tell me a little about you.	Hey , slow down . I 'll tell you more while playing .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	My name is Steven and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I have graduated from Peking University . I majored in business administration .	I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company # for approximately 10 years .	I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years .
1	Tell me about your day!	Ok , on that day , boys usually give roses to the sweet hearts and girls give them chocolate in return .	Ok , on that day , boys usually give roses to the sweet hearts and girls give them chocolate to return .	There are a lot of wild animals in that place , and also some special rules while visiting .	There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .	OK , OK . I 'll whisper it to you , but you have to promise not to tell anyone !
1	Tell me about yourself!	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor 's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	There are a lot of wild animals in that place , and also some special rules while visiting .	You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not .	I was born and grew up in hebes Province . I moved to Beijing , where I started taking courses for my MBA . When I completed my degree , I was offered an opportunity working for a financial services company . I 've worked there for eight years .	We jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught us .
1	Are you an only child?	But the child has his own feeling .	Ever since I brought home some bad grades in elementary school , they never expected much .	I had mine when I was 24 . that 's a little young . I 'd suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties .  , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career .	I had mine when I was 24 . That 's a little young . I 'd suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career .	I had mine when I was 24 . that 's a little young . I 'd suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties .  , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career .
1	Do you have a favorite food?	Yes . The baked fish was out of this world .	I really like Japanese or Thai food .	It tastes really great . Did you cook it ?	Honey , you really forgot about it ? Think it over . It 's a candlelight dinner .	Yes , I 'm hungry . What types of food sound good ?
1	Do you have plans for the weekend?	Not really . I wasn thinking of maybe going to a movie . Do you want to go with me ?	not really . I wasn thinking of maybe going to a movie . Do you want to go with me ?	Well , I was going to drive to Birmingham to see some friends .	well , I was going to drive to Birmingham to see some friends .	Yes , I have a very special one . I will be doing volunteer work in a zoo for two weeks . A friend of mine working there told me the other day that they were in need of some volunteer keepers . I was very interested . So I asked him to get me the application form . Lucky , my application was approved by the manager very soon .
1	Are you usually happy?	It depends . Sometimes I am very busy .	Yes . Have a look .	I 'm serious . You deserved this promotion .	Absolutely . I 'm a great mechanic .	Yes . I bet my bottom dollar that he will get promoted .
1	What is your dream?	Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear .	Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear .	I 'm a bank manager .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	My children can never be obedient even if I criticized them severely .
1	Can you play chess?	Yes , I can .	Once in a while .	Twice a week . How about you ?	Twice a week . How about you ?	Twice a week . How about you ?
1	Can you ride a bike?	Yes , I can . I don 't ride regularly though . How about you ?	Yes , I can . I don 't ride regularly though . How about you ?	I ride a motorcycle .	I live in the dorms across the street , so I 'll be OK .	Yes , my wife is coming to get me .
1	Are a fan of any sports team?	Yes . I love facing danger and overcoming it . It has become part of my life .	Yes , I am . I like to watch soccer games on TV , but I don 't play . I watched every game of the 2002 World Cup .	I was , but then I discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so I 'm not a member now .	I was , but then I discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so I 'm not a member now .	I see myself as an encourager . Of course , sales can be quite competitive and sometimes people in this field have a secret desire for others to fail . In my last job , each representative handled
1	What are you up to today?	I was just concerned about Sam . He hasn 't been himself lately .	I 'll try a steak sandwich .	I don 't have the day off . Our labor union is staging a nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week .	I 'm trying to buy a new bedroom set .	I don 't know what I want to eat .
1	What do you do for fun?	I 'm a student . How about you ?	Yep . And I should start planning now .	I need you for my court date .	I have a court date coming up .	I like to go to the movies . What do you do in your free time ?
1	What is your favorite animal and why?	it 's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	My favorite is to play computer games .	my absolute favorite is ice hockey .	I love anything with chocolate the best .
1	What is your favorite breakfast food?	Irish coffee is my favorite . But I 'm not particular on it .	I sometimes run late in the morning , and can 't make breakfast .	Sorry to trouble you . But I don 't think this fish is fresh . It actually tastes a bit off .	I really like the food .	What breakfast foods ?
1	What is your favorite color?	In my opinion , orange is very nice .	Red .	It is green . Come upstairs and see it .	I like red .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .
1	What is your favorite fruit?	Irish coffee is my favorite . But I 'm not particular on it .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	Fishing . It 's great fun .	My favorite is to play computer games .	My absolutely favorite kind of pie is apple .
1	What is your favorite movie?	My favorite movie is Superbad .	I have to say , my favorite movie is Superbad .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	I listen to various types of music .	You mean my favorite movie of all time ? I guess I 'd have to say pretty woman .
1	What is your favorite sport?	Basketball , I 'm a basketball fan .	Swimming . What about you ?	It 's hard to say . Perhaps swimming is my favorite . I like swimming because it helps improve my lung capacity . In the scorching summer days , there 's nothing like a cool swim . Currently , I go to the pool twice every week .	Fishing . It 's great fun .	Mmmm . it 's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .
1	What is your favorite thing to drink?	Irish coffee is my favorite . But I 'm not particular on it .	Irish coffee is my favorite . But I can drink any other . I 'm not particular on it .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	Wine , please .	My favorite is to play computer games .
1	What is your favorite TV show?	I like variety shows .	Yes , I 've watched the finale for the 'super Girl '  . The producer is very smart to copy the program from the US , which is quite fresh and eye-catching for mainland audiences .	I have to say , my favorite movie is Superbad .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	The TV station will air the World Cup football match alive at 8: 30 .
1	Who is your favorite actor?	Qi In is .	I like the novels of Dickens very much . I 've read almost all of them in Chinese translation .	Tom Hanks is always my favorite film star .	Coco Lee .	Kobe Bryant , of course .
1	Do you like to play games?	I like playing computer games , but I 'm not really into board games .	Do you want to play poker ?	Not at all . I never really did , to be honest . What about you ? Did your family used to play games together ?	not at all . I never really did , to be honest . What about you ? Did your family used to play games together ?	I like word games .
1	Who is your favorite person on TV?	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	Not sure . Is there a movie out that catches your eye ?	I like the novels of Dickens very much . I 've read almost all of them in Chinese translation .	I like variety shows .	Yes , I 've watched the finale for the 'super Girl '  . The producer is very smart to copy the program from the US , which is quite fresh and eye-catching for mainland audiences .
1	How do you help your friends?	I work here .	Please .	I am looking for a newspaper article .	Do you know how to turn them on ?	The work is rather hard , but it 's interesting .
1	What is your routine before you go to bed?	I don 't have one time in particular . I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired .	I will .	I will .	That will be very nice . You 're too kind .	Next month . So I can either move out then or renew my contract for another year .
1	Do you play any sports?	I used to play football regularly when I was at university . And I used to do athletics in the summer .	I used to play football regularly when I was at university . And I used to do athletics in the summer .	I like baseball and basketball .	It says here that it 's m mainly used for big football matches and athletics meetings .	It says here that it 's mainly used for big football matches and athletics meetings .
1	Do you often get mail?	I want to go four times a week , but I 'm too lazy . Last week , I only went to workout once .	well , there are a lot of things , like reading news , email , shopping , etc . but mostly I chat online . You could say I 'm addicted to online chatting .	No , usually they 're very busy .	No , usually they 're very busy .	yeah , why not ? We 've already pigged out as it is !
1	Do you like watching TV or movies more?	Yes I do , usually .	I think less than 3 hours . This year I didn 't watch any entertainment programs . Too many ads between the programs . I prefer listening to the radio .	I like to play computer games , read books , go shopping , and play pool .	When I have some time , I like to exercise .	Not really . I could take it or leave it .
1	Do you like winter weather?	Well , I play sports indoors quite often . If I 'm feeling lazy , I just watch a film at home . I prefer summer to winter .	Well , I play sports indoors quite often . If I 'm feeling lazy , I just watch a film at home . I prefer summer to winter .	Not really . But I like it in spring and fall . I don 't like it in winter .	Not really . But I like it in spring and fall . I don 't like it in winter .	Not really . But I like it in spring and fall . I don 't like it in winter .
1	What is your favorite kind of TV show?	I listen to various types of music .	Yes , I 've watched the finale for the 'super Girl '  . The producer is very smart to copy the program from the US , which is quite fresh and eye-catching for mainland audiences .	My favorite is to play computer games .	I like variety shows .	I 'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever .
1	Which do you prefer, Coffee or tea?	I 'd prefer coffee if you don 't mind .	Bring me a cup of coffee , please .	Coffee , please .	Coffee would be fine .	Thank you . Coffee , please .
1	Are you very talkative?	Yes . Have a look .	Yeah , I 'm OK , I have been having a lot of mood swings lately . I think it has to do with the pills my doctor prescribed that are causing chaos on my hormones .	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	By air , of course . It takes over two weeks to go by sea .	Forgive me darling . I 'm very tired .
1	What music do you like to listen to in the morning?	I like listening to different kinds of music .	All kinds , but mostly Pop , rock and classical . Why ?	Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	I like music that has a fast beat and is lively , like dance music . You know , I go to a disco almost every week . Sometimes it 's too loud though . You prefer classical music , don 't you ?
1	Do you have a social media page?	I think TV is also an effective media , as long as our company is willing to spend more money on it .	Yes , I am an outgoing person who likes to be with a lot of friends .	We 've been able to survey and track some of the information of our website users through some cookie technology , and it 's surprising to see the results .	I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets .	I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets .
1	Do you enjoy flying?	Yes , I do .	I 'd prefer a morning flight .	Yes , I 've just come back from Scotland .	Yes . I 've just come back from Scotland .	Sure . I was fond of those lovely children
1	Anything weird happened to you lately?	nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close .	Nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close .	Maybe you should have placed them horizontally over your bowl or plate . They resemble two incense sticks used at sacrifices . It 's very inauspicious , and might enrage all present .	As soon as you purchase your Traveller 's Cheques from us , you are covered . No matter if you lose them or they are stolen , we will replace them promptly . All we ask is for you to write down the reference number of each cheque and keep it in a safe place away from the actual cheques . We will need that number if you need to make a claim .	My mother is ill in the hospital .
1	What is your favorite sports team?	Italian . They played very well , but they were not very lucky .	Basketball , I 'm a basketball fan .	Swimming . What about you ?	It 's hard to say . Perhaps swimming is my favorite . I like swimming because it helps improve my lung capacity . In the scorching summer days , there 's nothing like a cool swim . Currently , I go to the pool twice every week .	Mmmm . it 's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .
1	Do you have a middle name?	Here 's my card .	Not really . But it has puzzled me for a long time .	not really . But it has puzzled me for a long time .	Here you are . You look younger in yellow .	Sure , what is it ?
1	Are there any foods you hate to eat?	Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .	You should emphasize fresh fruits and vegetables , along with whole grains and protein .	That 's basically what I eat .	I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	French toast sounds good . What are you going to order ?
1	Are there any special kinds of candy from your country?	We usually eat chicken , pork and beef . you eat these meat a lot in your country too , don 't you ?	We usually eat chicken , pork and beef . You eat these meats a lot in your country too , don 't you ?	Here is our price list . All the prices on the list are subject to our final confirmation . You can see the prices are reasonable .	We eat a lot of chicken , pork and beef . You eat those meat a lot in your country too , don 't you ?	We eat a lot of chicken , pork and beef . You eat those meat a lot in your country too , don 't you ?
1	Are there any TV shows you don't like?	When I have some time , I like to exercise .	I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games .	I think less than 3 hours . This year I didn 't watch any entertainment programs . Too many ads between the programs . I prefer listening to the radio .	Not really . I 'd really like to try golf , though .	Not really . I 'd really like to try golf , though .
1	Are there seasons where you live? How many?	I like spring and summer . The days are long and the nights are short . The sun rises early and sets late . I don 't like autumn and winter . The days are short and the nights are long . The sun rises late	Two stops after this one .	Two stops after this one .	Two stops after this one .	Sir , guests pay nothing to use the stations .
1	Are you a big fan of any current pop icons?	To run a successful internet business , it requires a little research and relatively small investment . You 've got to have a good idea of some kind of product that is in demand or would be popular .	I try and look at the programmes that are on to decide which particular ones interest me , rather than you turning it on a seven o 'clock and you leaving it on until half-past eleven when the programmes finish .	Sure . We just got some . They 're upto-date .	Sorry , you 're not on it . I don 't think using my brother as a reference would be very convincing !	Good . I think I 'll choose this single breasted one . When can I get it ?
1	Are you a city person or a country person?	Yes , I am an outgoing person who likes to be with a lot of friends .	A visitor .	I want a two-bedroom apartment .	I 'm not sure . What 's the difference between them ?	I am not sure . What 's the difference between them ?
1	Are you a dog or a cat person?	I will ! I 'll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !	I will ! I 'll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !	We 're planning on having children soon , I don 't think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house .	We 're planning on having children soon , I don 't think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house .	Do you take your dog for a walk every day ?
1	Are you a member of any clubs?	I was , but then I discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so I 'm not a member now .	I was , but then I discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so I 'm not a member now .	Yes .	We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven 't found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?	We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven 't found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?
1	Are you a messy or a neat person?	It seems that you don 't like him .	I want a two-bedroom apartment .	I need to make sure that my wife will be financially secure if I die .	I want to , but Bob doesn 't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .	A single , preferably with a bath .
1	Are you afraid of the dark?	well , sometimes I get scared when I 'm in my apartment all by myself .	What curb colors ?	No , sir .	I am not certain about that .	I am not certain about that .
1	Are you good at making desserts?	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	no , but I 'm pretty good at eating !	not really . Sometimes , I even let other people make key decision for me .	I 've always got room for something sweet !	I 'll have apple pie too , but without ice cream . I have to watch my weight .
1	Are you left or right handed? 	Thanks , thanks a lot and thanks a million .	Yes , totally . It 's nice to meet a customer who understands the system .	yes , yes , he 's right here by me .	I 'm flying home on Sunday afternoon .	I 'm not quite positive . I think I went out at about half pass nine .
1	Are you married? If so, for how long? If not, do you want to be?	I 've thought about that a lot . I know that many women take a job , planning to make a career of it , and then they change their mind . But I am hoping to make it my lifetime work . So if I get married , I will find some ways that I can continue my work .	I don 't know . Hey , do you think I could borrow your car for a few hours ?	I 'm just going to keep going to PCC .	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .
1	Are you more likely to procrastinate a task or to finish it early?	How do you think if I volunteer for some work ?	How do you think if I volunteer for some work ?	Ok .	OK , will do .	No , I must know today because we have to go to press for the advertisements . Is there anyway you can speed up the process of checking inventory ?
1	Are you more of a leader or a follower?	I don 't try to lead people . I 'd rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	I don 't try to get in front of people and lead them , particularly . I 'd rather cooperate with everybody else , and get the job done by working together .	I don 't agree with someone else 's opinion if I think he 's wrong , but when I understand his thinking and see he has some good ideas , then I 'm very happy to go along with him .	I don 't try to go ahead of people and lead them , I 'd rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together .	I don 't try to go ahead of people and lead them , I 'd rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together .
1	Are you or do you know any vegetarians?	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?	The cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice .	No , I don 't have any allergies that I know of .	Well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone 's got a room or apartment available .	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone 's got a room or apartment available .
1	Are you satisfied with your internet speed?	yes , it 's got wireless Internet access .	Yes , it 's got wireless Internet access .	Thank you for your compliment . I bought this PC with my first-month salary . I am getting to know the on-line trade .	no , I 'm not feeling myself . I just want to check my emails , visit my favorite websites and chat with my friends .	No , I 'm not feeling myself . I just want to check my emails , visit my favorite websites and chat with my friends .
1	Are you scared of any bugs?	well , sometimes I get scared when I 'm in my apartment all by myself .	No , we haven 't even gotten a nibble today .	I am not certain about that .	I am not certain about that .	No , I 've been feeling fairly good most of the time . It just is hard to breathe .
1	Are you usually on time for events and meetings?	Yeah . I think there 's a live outdoor concert by the river tomorrow .	Yes , there 're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we 've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness .	They are , yes . How should I do this ?	Still , there are some rules to follow .	Yes , I would love to work on a special project !
2	What languages do you guys speak? Or what language would you like to learn?	Well , I studied French at school , but I 've forgotten most of it . I learnt some Russian while I was studying there and now I study Spanish in evening classes . Do you speak Japanese at home with your parents ?	Well , I studied French at school , but I 've forgotten most of it . I learnt some Russian while I was studying there and now I study Spanish in evening classes . Do you speak Japanese at home with your pa	Yes , I speak a little French and Japanese .	Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French .	I can speak French and German .
1	What do you usually do on New Year's day?	I don 't have the day off . Our labor union is staging a nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week .	I want to go traveling .	We 'll have rice dumplings . What 's more , there are also dragon boat matches in some places of southern China .	I am pretty sure that I am in trouble .	We do expect overtime work when it is necessary , but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day .
1	Can you do a cartwheel?	no , I can handle it . Thanks anyway .	Sure . What do you need ?	Sure . What 's up ?	sure , what would you like to discuss ?	I have always enjoyed flying . And I am good with people .
1	Can you stand on your head?	No , I never do that .	Not too long . Cut a little off behind and on both sides , too .	We are on the bottom floor .	I want to check these three pieces and I 'll carry this overnight bag by myself .	I want to check these three pieces and I 'll carry this overnight bag by myself .
1	Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?	Jane Austen .	I 'm always interested in how , but seldom pay much attention to who .	Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that .	It 's . oh it 's the 1st April , April Fool 's Day .	It 's . oh it 's the 1st April , April Fool 's Day .
1	Describe to me your usual day.	Excuse me . I 'm ready to order .	Okay , no problem . Bye !	That 's for sure . You 'll know our products better after the visit .	Please sit down and make yourself at home . Please don 't stand on ceremony .	May I call you about our final decision ?
1	Describe yourself in a few words.	Oh , now I see what you mean . When you 're reading , you are just looking , but when you are writing , you are actually doing something !	And will I go up to the front to have the bread and wine ?	Only in this way can you leave the interviewer a good impression and achieve success .	Do you have an online edition of that magazine ?	Do you have an online edition of that magazine ?
1	Did you eat a snack today?	Not usually . I usually just order a main course and have a dessert if I 'm still hungry afterwards .	Pardon me ?	Pardon me ?	Well , yes , I did . I ate some candy .	There 's some leftover pizza from last night .
1	Did you ever learn something new online?	Not really .	What I do is find the website of shops . Then someone from our company visits the shop and buys when they 're seen that the products are genuine and suitable .	What I do is find the website of shops . Then someone from our company visits the shop and buys when they 're seen that the products are genuine and suitable .	My mother taught me some tricks of the trade . I 've always loved jewelry .	Wow , you have a lot of questions ! I learned a lot . In fact , that 's why I am taking it again . I get lots of practice in speaking , and also in writing . I 'm sure you 'll be glad you took this course . I 'll even help you study if you 'd like .
1	Did you ever swim in a race?	At the age of 64 ? You 're kidding !	Not really . I just worked on my car all day .	That 's good .	All that exercise in a little pool ! Do I have to pay anything ?	I wish it could be Germany . But it seems they are not in a very good conditions .
1	Did you ever watch any Japanese animation?	I guess so . I 'm bit of a couch potato . How about you ?	I thought it was pretty good .	I thought it was pretty good .	Sure ! I just got back yesterday . I 'm still suffering from jet lag .	That movie 's just a lot of noise , same as Simon .
1	Did you ride a bus to school when you were a child?	I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .	That 's a good idea . Why have I never thought of that ?	That 's a good idea . Why have I never thought of that ?	That 's right . The bus tour is really efficient and cheap .	You just can 't imagine ! I waited for the first bus but it was too full , so I waited for the second , and it was still very crowded . Then I decided not to wait for the next one , and got on the second bus . It was so full that I had to stand on one foot ! No kidding !
1	Did your class have a pet when you were in school?	No , I was way too busy studying all the time . How about you ?	No . I was way too busy studying all the time . How about you ?	No , I was way too busy studying all the time . How about you ?	I enjoyed everything , as long as I was learning .	My dad was , but not my mom .
1	Do colors influence your mood?	I don 't know really . What 's the fashional color this year ?	I don 't know really . What 's the fashional color this year ?	Blue , green or earth tone colors . I do not like the colors that are too bright .	I have no idea .	I 'd like her to have a change .
1	Do yo have a selfie stick?	Yes , I had a bf before .	Mmm , well this is our I 'm sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .	I don 't know . I haven 't tried yo-yo since that party !	if you don 't start when you 're young , it 's hard to get the hang of it .	Yes , but you look fine .
1	Do you always match your socks?	I want a single breasted suit . Here is the cloth .	Always .	Certainly I do .	Of course not . I 'm just observing casual day . On Fridays , the company doesn 't require us to wear formal business attire .	Just stay cool . You know . When you get back home tonight , tell him that you didn 't mean to quarrel with him .
1	Do you drink enough water every day?	Not every day , but occasionally .	That sounds good .	Depending on what you consider a lot .	Gatorade . It 's rich in Vitamin and it gives us energy and vitality .	I would like some water .
1	Do you eat sandwiches often?	We usually go to the cafeteria .	We usually go to the cafeteria .	I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	Not usually . I usually just order a main course and have a dessert if I 'm still hungry afterwards .
1	Do you ever borrow your friends clothes?	There isn 't a lot , why , do you have a large load to wash ?	I usually read or entertain myself .	Of course , but we aren 't going out , we 're just friends .	Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby .	Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby
1	Do you ever feel like you are always running away ?	Yes . I think it 's time to move on . I 've already been here too long .	Yes . I 'll be very busy ! I have to get a visa , buy a plane ticket , and pack my things . But first , I want to register for classes .	Yeah . Let me see if he 'll do it , and I 'll get back to you .	I want to get some pizza .	I want some chicken and potatoes .
1	Do you ever gamble?	Maybe 500 dollars .	Yes . We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors . What do you think of this one ?	well , there are a lot of things , like reading news , email , shopping , etc . but mostly I chat online . You could say I 'm addicted to online chatting .	I 'm not sure .	I think so .
1	Do you ever insult people?	Don 't you know they have had little affection for each other ?	Because you are the most handsome boy at the university and I love you so much ! I guess I just go crazy sometimes . That 's all .	You know , I 'm about to graduate and I have to look for a job as soon as possible . But I haven 't the faintest idea of how to go about finding a job .	I usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused my anger .	A good friend of mine is there on a homestay program , too .
1	Do you ever listen to rock music?	Well , it depends .	well , it depends .	Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	It 's not much different from that heavy metal music you like so much .
1	Do you have or do you want a pet?	I want a dog . My friend Mindy 's dog just had puppies and she said I can have one .	Yes , please .	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?	A chance ? Not just a chance , I 'm a hundred percent certain . Everyone says my voice is beautiful .	I like seafood on my pizza .
1	Do you get lots of snow where you live?	What is that ? A jellyfish ? Jeremy , put that down right now ! It could sting you !	What is that ? A jellyfish ? Jeremy , put that down right now ! It could sting you !	I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I 'll even give you one ounce for free .	I don 't know . I don 't mind coming out here for a while , but that will get old pretty soon .	Looking at the beautiful creatures and listening to their songs are such wonderful experiences . I feel as if I 'm in direct contact with nature .
1	Do you have any exciting plans for today?	Well , I was going to drive to Birmingham to see some friends .	well , I was going to drive to Birmingham to see some friends .	I 'm supposed to work on a paper that 'd due on Monday .	I 'm supposed to work on a paper that 'd due on Monday .	Not really . I wasn thinking of maybe going to a movie . Do you want to go with me ?
1	Do you have any favorite kind of weather?	My favorite winter sport is skiing . In addition , I am keen on basketball .	I don 't like the weather like this . Cold and rainy . Hope it become sunny as soon as possible .	I 'm really into watching foreign films . what about you ?	I like Indian food as well .	I just like jogging .
1	Do you have any houseplants?	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?	Yes . We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors . What do you think of this one ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Yes , I like collecting things .	Yes . I like gardening .
1	Do you have any penpals?	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?	Yes , here are what we have exclusively for our guests .	Yes . We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors . What do you think of this one ?	Yes , I have . I collect stamps , Chinese stamps as well as those from other countries .	Yes , I like collecting things .
1	Do you have any TV shows that you watch regularly?	I guess so . I 'm bit of a couch potato . How about you ?	I think less than 3 hours . This year I didn 't watch any entertainment programs . Too many ads between the programs . I prefer listening to the radio .	When I have some time , I like to exercise .	Not really . I could take it or leave it .	Not really . I could take it or leave it .
1	Do you like classical music?	Not very much . Classical music sends me to sleep	well , it depends .	Well , it depends .	Yes , I do , very much .	I like music that has a fast beat and is lively , like dance music . You know , I go to a disco almost every week . Sometimes it 's too loud though . You prefer classical music , don 't you ?
1	Do you prefer hot or cold weather?	No , I am from south California . This is my first real winter .	No , I am from south California . This is my first real winter .	Yes , a little .	No . Worse than that . I have a flu . I 'm in bed with a fever .	No . Worse than that . I have a flu . I 'm in bed with a fever .
1	Do you think dogs or cats are funnier pets?	No , I 'm scared of cats .	No , I 'm scared of cats .	so do i . I don 't like cats .	What about a boa constrictor ?	yes , doesn 't everyone ?
1	Do you think fish make good pets?	I am going to try Gado Gado .	I wouldn 't mind a burger .	so do i . I don 't like cats .	Why don 't you make some corn ?	It tastes really great . Did you cook it ?
1	Whats the weather going to be like this week?	I was watching the news a little earlier . They said it 's probably going to snow tomorrow .	I was watching the news a little earlier . They said it 's probably going to snow tomorrow .	The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm .	I heard that it 's going to be warm this weekend .	It 's going to be sunny tomorrow .
1	Have you ever been bitten by a mosquito?	Yes . How are you , Anna ?	Yes . How are you , Anna ?	No wonder .	His name is Grunt . Come closer and I 'll properly introduce you .	when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home .
1	Have you ever had a nightmare?	Yes . I have worked part-time at a take away food store-the one just round the corner .	when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home .	The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days .	Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .	Yes . The scenery is so breathtaking .
1	Have you ever seen a shooting star?	What kind of movie is it ?	What kind of movie is it ?	sure , many times . It 's an exciting game for spectators to watch .	Not really .	Once , when I was a child .
1	What is your favorite junk food?	Irish coffee is my favorite . But I 'm not particular on it .	I really like the food .	My favorite is to play computer games .	Fishing . It 's great fun .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .
1	How do you usually sign your emails?	Yes , I do .	I don 't have it to hand , but I know the number . It 's 16211469 9 . Can you do anything , like stop the card for example ?	That 's good advice . I should also be careful about giving out confidential information about myself , such as my password and credit car number .	No , I receive this as a birthday present , but the price tag is still on the skirt though . Will that be OK ?	Study English .
1	How fast can you type?	Sure , I 'll try my best . Here we are .	Really it depends on my mood . When I am sad or depressed , I like comedies . If I 'm feeling good , I 'll watch almost anything .	1564 .	My paycheck that just arrived is less than last week 's check .	That would be wonderful .
1	Would you like to try living on another planet?	I hope not . I think they would be a threat to those of us that lived on Earth .	I hope not . I think they would be a threat to those of us that lived on the Earth .	I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .	I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .	My grandmother needs me to help her trim her roses that day .
1	If you could have one present for your birthday, what would you ask for?	You 're welcome . For the moment , I have no further questions . I got a good picture of the job and the company . All my questions have been answered . Thank you for your time .	You 're welcome . For the moment , I have no further questions . I got a good picture of the job and the company . All my questions have been answered . Thank you for your time .	That would work out great ! Why don 't we call and get a reservation ?	I don 't really know where I want to go . I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant .	I have to find something . Otherwise I have to go back to Taiwan . I 'll be broke in two months .
2	What musical instrument would you like to learn?	Uh . Yeah ! I 've told you a thousand times that I 'm learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .	Uh . Yeah ! I 've told you a thousand times that I 'm learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .	I can play the piano a bit .	I can play drums , but I haven 't played for a while . I 'm not sure I 'd be good enough to play in a band .	I can play drums , but I haven 't played for a while . I 'm not sure I 'd be good enough to play in a band .
2	What is your ethnic background?	Han .	I am Chinese by birth .	Yes . I graduated from shanghai University and later obtained a master 's degree from Oxford .	To begin with , I have to use chopsticks .	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks .
2	What is your favorite book and why?	It 's Gone With the Wind .	It 's Gone With the Wind .	It 's Gone With the Wind .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	My favorite is to play computer games .
2	What is your favorite food from another culture?	My favorite is to play computer games .	I listen to various types of music .	Irish coffee is my favorite . But I 'm not particular on it .	I like No . 4 .	Sorry to trouble you . But I don 't think this fish is fresh . It actually tastes a bit off .
1	What is your favorite meal?	Irish coffee is my favorite . But I 'm not particular on it .	My absolutely favorite kind of pie is apple .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .	I absolutely love making mousaka , which is a Greek dish with eggplant . But it takes a lot of time , so I don 't often make it .	Fishing . It 's great fun .
2	What is your favorite movie series?	My favorite movie is Superbad .	I have to say , my favorite movie is Superbad .	I 'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever .	'star war '  .	It 's a feature film .
2	What is your favorite place to take pictures?	My favorite is to play computer games .	That will be very nice . You 're too kind .	How do I do that ?	my absolute favorite is ice hockey .	How do I do that ?
2	What is your favorite regional cuisine in the world?	Many people think Brazil makes the best coffee . Brazil exports a lot of coffee . But I love Irish coffee . So it 's hard to say . Just depends on your taste .	Table tennis .	The crab soup is quite delicious . It 's always a favorite with our customers .	Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What 's your favorite sport ?	I like No . 4 .
2	What is your favorite side dish or condiment?	Well , I always order fried spring rolls when I go to Chinatown .	I absolutely love making mousaka , which is a Greek dish with eggplant . But it takes a lot of time , so I don 't often make it .	Steak , please .	I 'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable .	like most foreigners , I really like Sweet and Sour Pork and Kung Pao Chicken . I eat them almost every day .
2	What is your favorite song when you feel lonely?	I 'd better not . Brooke hates the Backstreet Boys !	I thought the overall plot of the movie was very interesting , but I don 't think the character development was that strong .	I 'd better not . Brooke hates the Backstreet Boys !	I 'd better not . Brooke hates the Backstreet Boys !	I like almost all kinds of music . But I like country music best .
2	What is your favorite thing about yourself?	my absolute favorite is ice hockey .	Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear .	Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear .	My favorite is to play computer games .	Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .
2	What is your favorite thing to do when you're alone?	I think that the most important thing is you can 't live all by himself . It takes a lot of people working and cooperating together . The more really close friends I have , the better .	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can 't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can 't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .	For me , this would be having good relationships with my family members . My family has always been very close knit , and we still spend a lot of time together .	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can 't live alt by himself , I think . A friend in need is a friend indeed . So the more really close friends I have , the better .
2	Who is your favorite author and why? What are some of their more popular works?	My favorite is to play computer games .	I have no idea .	most of the things were household appliance . You know , everything from an iron through a vacuum cleaner to a cooker . I think it 's an excellent way for everyone who knows the couple to help	Most of the things were household appliance . You know , everything from an iron through a vacuum cleaner to a cooker . I think it 's an excellent way for everyone who knows the couple to help them set up home .	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
2	Who is your hero and why?	His name is Tony and we met my first night in Pathos . He works with my sister who lives there .	Reading newspaper on the couch .	Guess !	I think I have traits of both , actually . I look more like my mother .	I believe such things won 't be realized , just daydreaming .
2	Do you have any allergies?	No , I don 't have any allergies that I know of .	Runny nose and coughing .	I 've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?	I 've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?	No , I have no complaints . I hear there are many opportunities to move up in this company . is that true ?
2	Do you have any nicknames? 	Yes , I do . I am the oldest child . I have a sister and a brother . My sister is in college and my brother in high school .	Try a car wash and selling candy .	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?	Yes . We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors . What do you think of this one ?	I need change for the machines ?
2	What was the last movie you saw in a theater?	A Korean film called Friends , starring Sang Dong-gun .	It was a foreign film called 'gone with the wind '  .	It is a new film ,  ' Transformer '  .	I didn 't really like it .	I didn 't really like it .
2	Do you have a good sleep schedule?	Yes , I do . You can go to the Transport Department to get yourself a bus schedule and a bus route map .	Yes , I do . You can buy a bus schedule in a news stand .	Yes , I even can 't fall asleep these days .	All right , all right .	I don 't know .
2	Do you use any online streaming services? 	We have information available about the job market as well as workshops .	There are many services you can choose from . Why don 't you take a look at this leaflet while I find someone who can help you ?	I use it almost every day , but I usually only use it to check my email . I don 't often surf the net . You use the internet a lot , don 't you ?	I use it almost every day , but I usually only use it to check my email . I don 't often surf the net . You use the internet a lot , don 't you ?	I use several services . Of course , I deposit and withdraw money quite often . I often use my ATM card to take money out of my current account . I use my bank to exchange money from one currency to another . I often travel abroad , you see .
2	Do you chat online with strangers?	No , but I 'd like to . Do you have to pay to do instant messaging ?	to people all over the world ! I have a lot of net pals . See , the magic of internet is that it connects people from all over the world . You can chat with someone thousands of miles away as if they were	don 't mention it .	Of course I have plenty of time . What 's new ?	No , I am not . And I love to meet new people in the chat rooms who share a lot in common with me .
2	What kind of online games have you heard of or played?	My parents used to love to play checkers and dominoes . We used to have family tournaments every weekend .	my parents used to love to play checkers and dominoes . We used to have family tournaments every weekend .	Big games of course .	No , I prefer to play with people I know .	no , I prefer to play with people I know .
2	How do you keep in touch with people who live far away? 	No . Not now . I think I 'll try to keep this one .	I 'm sorry , I wasn 't supposed to meet you . I wasn 't supposed to fall in love with you , but you have to believe me when I tell you that what I feel for you is real .	People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .	I like a person who works hard . I don 't like lazy people .	People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .
2	Anything exciting happening this week?	Yes , I think so .	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	I don 't have any plans .	I 'm going to the movies with a friend . How about you ?
2	Have you ever tutored someone? 	No , but I can learn . What are you going to do this summer ?	I can ask around at work . Do you have a preference for makers or non-smokers ?	I can ask around at work . Do you have a preference for makers or non-smokers ?	Right now I 'm learning about the importance of breathing slow , deep and regularly .	No , not yet . I 'd like to buy a teapot .
2	What is your favorite thing to talk about with your friends? 	my absolute favorite is ice hockey .	My favorite is to play computer games .	Didn 't I tell you ? It 's over !	Didn 't I tell you ? It 's over !	He sometimes really drives me crazy .
2	Are there any household chores you enjoy? Which ones  and why?	We also have to vacuum the house .	No , I 'm afraid I don 't . I 'd be glad to learn .	Yes , I have a three-year-old son .	Yes , I have a three-year-old son .	Bite your tongue ! I 'm already at the end of my rope . Some nights I don 't sleep at all . John manages to sleep like a log even when the babies are screaming at the top of their lungs .
2	Do you like watching children's tv shows?	I only allow my child to watch up to an hour a day . I don 't think that tv is bad for kids . I think that kids should be active and not become couch potatoes .	I only allow my child to watch up to an hour a day . I don 't think that tv is bad for kids . I think that kids should be active and not become couch potatoes .	When I have some time , I like to exercise .	Yes I do , usually .	I think less than 3 hours . This year I didn 't watch any entertainment programs . Too many ads between the programs . I prefer listening to the radio .
2	Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?	You are right . Do you have a pen ?	Of course . Can I have it delivered to my girlfriend 's house this afternoon ?	Of course . Can I have it delivered to my girlfriend 's house this afternoon ?	I think I can put something together , no problem . But when it comes to tomorrow , I 'll just be a bundle of nerves ! How can I get over my fear of speaking in public ?	Fine . Here you go .
2	Are there any sounds that really annoy you?	No , I knew it all along . He was the obvious choice .	I 'll go and talk to my professor or a learning support assistant .	We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes .	I think we can go to the river , go around and have supper .	Oh yes , everyone we are inviting is from our company .
2	Are there any vegetarian dishes that you like more than the meat versions?	let me think . You could get an Indian or Thai vegetable curry , or you could get some Kimchi .	The cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice .	They can cook them themselves to make sure exactly how they like it .	They can cook it themselves to make sure it 's exactly how they like it .	Meat , I think .
2	Are there are songs that you think everyone in your country knows?	Yes . Is this your new product this year ?	It 's great ! Unfortunately , we 're going to spend a fortune doing everything up .	it 's great ! Unfortunately , we 're going to spend a fortune doing everything up .	My immediate family is very large . It 's my mother , my father , my two older brothers , my younger sister and me .	my immediate family is very large . It 's my mother , my father , my two older brothers , my younger sister and me .
2	Are you a very organized person?	Yes , I am an outgoing person who likes to be with a lot of friends .	Yes , I am a local resident .	That 's what I can do .	I 'm a student .	Vanilla with toppings is my favorite .
2	Are you good at fixing problems with technology?	I don 't understand some things .	That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn 't you ?	I think that we should check out the kitchen . It is listed as roomy and spacious .	More than five years now . After I did my engineering degree , I began to specialize in computer technology and I even had my own company for a while .	They 're quite complex machines and they have a lot of different components . We need to check the metal casing regularly for any signs of corrosion . We also check the brushes once a fortnight to make sure they aren 't worn down . It 's important to make sure everything is properly aligned and we adjust it if necessary . There is a canvas belt at the end of the assembly line . If it gets wet , it might rot so we check that regularly too .
2	Are you better at doing one thing at a time or can you juggle multiple tasks?	Well , there 's a lot of stress in a Chinese company also , although much of it is below the surface . I have confidence in my ability to handle conflict . If I have a problem with a co-worker , I do everything I can to work it out directly with that person . If I am unable to work it out , then I ask a supervisor to help out . If my boss shouts at me , I try not to take it personally . I try my best to understand the stress he is under . It 's kind of like being in a family . Often family members say things in the heat of the moment , but don 't mean what they say . A company is like a family , it has good times and bad times .	Yep . I just can 't decide what two cities to choose .	Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that 's not really a shock for me .	Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that 's not really a shock for me .	Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby .
2	Are you crafty? What kind of stuff do you make?	I 'm really not sure .	I really want some chocolate .	Actually , I don 't know exactly . Do you have anything recommended ?	Actually , I don 't know exactly . Do you have anything recommended ?	Well , I am always energetic and enthusiastic . That 's my strongest personality .
2	Are you handy at fixing things?	not really . Sometimes , I even let other people make key decision for me .	Yes . Here they are .	I like to travel light so I just have this one .	I like to travel light so I just have this one .	The second day you take a four-hour city tour . In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls .
2	Are you very active of do you prefer to just relax in your free time?	Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby .	Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby	how about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .	How about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .	Fine . Here you go .
2	What do you do to alleviate boredom?	Something like listening to music is a good idea .	Not much I can do . It 's always there . I sometimes go out with some friends and drink , but that 's only a temporary solution . The stress always returns in the morning .	OK , let me tell you what we 've been doing . We 've been in touch with the Wales and Scottish Tourist development offices here in Taiwan and they 're interested in working with us to promote their regions to the youth segment . We 've decided to implement an advertising campaign focusing on the excitement of the activities in those regions .	Do you really think so ? I don 't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ?	Do you really think so ? I don 't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ?
2	Can you describe yourself in 4 words?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Well , as I mentioned before , I think I am easy-going . I enjoy working and talking with people and I 'm a responsible person .	how about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .	How about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .	everything has been fine for the past several months .
2	What would your life be like without a computer? 	Yes , I think so . Can you say it again ?	Laptops are more expensive , right ?	Well , oh my God , there is another problem , I 'm afraid . There is still a stain on the shirt .	To run a successful internet business , it requires a little research and relatively small investment . You 've got to have a good idea of some kind of product that is in demand or would be popular .	Well , Mr . Parsons , as I mentioned before I 'm someone who needs new challenges . I 'm really focused and hard-working . I think my academic results prove this .
2	Can you use a number keypad without looking at it?	I know a few extensions but I don 't know them all .	Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card .	Well , I see . How to use the other one ?	Man , that 's amazing . It must have cost a bundle .	Mmmm . if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money .
2	Could you be a good security guard?	No , of course not . Just in case . Nothing to worry about . Don 't you also do this in China ?	No , of course not . Just in case . Nothing to worry about . Don 't you also do this in China ?	I need job security .	I need to make sure that my wife will be financially secure if I die .	I need to make sure that my wife will be financially secure if I die .
2	How do you deal with sad memories? 	I just let it go and continued dating with my Korean boyfriend . But finally we broke up .	I just let it go and continued dating with my Korean boyfriend . But finally we broke up .	We deal with kid 's clothing , women 's clothing , and men 's clothing . You name it we deal with it .	I 'm twenty-seven .	I 'm twenty-seven .
2	Did anybody ever play a practical joke on you?	It 's called Counter Strike . It 's a first person shooter game . It 's awesome . It 's a multi player game where you can go online and compete against players from all over the world .	It 's called Counter Strike . It 's a first person shooter game . It 's awesome . It 's a multi player game where you can go online and compete against players from all over the world .	Of course , you can . All you need is a little help and a lot of practice .	Sure . It 's to raise money for the homeless .	Sure . It 's to raise money for the homeless .
2	Did you ever get a really bad haircut? What did you do? 	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don 't have to pay for my trip .	I have been accepted by Oxford University on PhD .	I parked in the red zone .	It 's all in the bag .	Seriously , I am so excited .
2	Did you ever go to a dog cafe? How was it?	Well , last night it took me half an hour to find a spot when I came home from work .	It 's just around the comer . Would you need some pills ?	Not really . I just worked on my car all day .	It was a big , green thing that looked like a person . It was in the kitchen , and it slowly moved towards the stairs .	It was a big , green thing that looked like a person . It was in the kitchen , and it slowly moved towards the stairs .
2	Did you ever take a trip over spring or summer break?	it was nice of your boss to give you an option . My boss would never do that .	This is just what I have in mind . Where are you planning to go ?	Going to look at houses during the week is best for me .	Plenty . We never worry about lack of rainwater in our area .	Plenty . We never worry about lack of rainwater in our area .
2	Did you grow up sharing clothes with your siblings?	Two of my sisters still live at home , even though they have already graduated from university and have good jobs . They enjoy spending their free time with my parents . I guess in that respect , I 'm the black sheep of the family .	But four boys !	Oh , sure . Once they reached middle age , they became a lot less uptight .	It 's been a week , and I haven 't slept that well .	Oh , I don 't know . it 's hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
2	Do you have something that is super important to you that no one else cares about?	Everything I need is on the list .	My bad . I didn 't realize that it was so late .	Please don 't be nosey .	Yeah , but he really puts blame on me .	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can 't live all by himself . A friend in need is a friend indeed . So the more really close friends I have , the happier I am .
2	Do the characters that actors play ever change your feelings about them?	I try to adapt myself .	No , the casting is great and the actors were excellent . They just didn 't have a lot of funny or meaningful dialogues . The writing was also a little weak .	I just think you 're trying to change the subject . But go ahead .	Personally I liked the main character . He was true to type .	Yeah . Thanks for the talk .
2	Do think it would be more fun or scary to go around the Earth in space?	Of course . What room are you in , sir ?	That sounds like an excellent offer . I might take you up on that . Thank you for the wonderful invitation .	Too long , and you do not have much time .	Yes , I 'd love to . Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven . It 's on the Festival Hall . Shall we go there ?	Yes , I 'd love to . Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven . It 's on the Festival Hall . Shall we go there ?
2	Do you agree with the expression that the early bird gets the worm?	Really ? What else have you discovered ?	So a deadline will cause that same reaction ?	And these two ? They are husband and wife ?	And these two ? They are husband and wife ?	Turtles ? Whatever . Look , all that 's required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles . At least , that 's what the math says .
2	Do you believe in telekensis?	Yes . We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors . What do you think of this one ?	I was thinking of seeing You , Me and Dupree . It 's a typical Hollywood blockbuster .	How about going to the gym ? There 's one really close to work .	I was thinking of seeing You , Me and Dupree . It 's a typical Hollywood blockbuster .	A dessert sounds nice .
2	Do you do your own laundry or does somebody do it for you?	I like taking photos .	I like playing chess .	I am a girl of many interests . I like dance , chess , collecting stamps , travelling and taking photos .	I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .	Study English .
2	Do you donate your time or money to charity? 	Not today .	Donations for what ?	We go door to door asking for donations .	I think I 'd like to just get another stereo , please .	From my savings account .
2	Do you drink tap water in your home or buy bottled water?	Yes .	That sounds good .	Gatorade . It 's rich in Vitamin and it gives us energy and vitality .	Just water would be fine .	Fine .
2	Do you eat out or order in more often? 	No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here .	I 'm not quite positive . I think I went out at about half pass nine .	I 'm not quite positive . I think I went out at about half pass nine .	Now , tell me what you often eat .	How about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .
2	Do you ever ask older people for advice?	oh , no . not at all .	I think first of all for first-time students , coming and living on campus in dormitories can provide a certain level of security .	Yes , I 'd like to know something about the salary .	Yes . An passport and a visa are necessary for entry into China .	Yes . Do you offer any opportunities for further study ?
2	Do you ever binge watch TV or movies?	Yes I do , usually .	I think less than 3 hours . This year I didn 't watch any entertainment programs . Too many ads between the programs . I prefer listening to the radio .	Of course ! I can watch them without you !	I guess so . I 'm bit of a couch potato . How about you ?	Not really . I could take it or leave it .
2	Do you ever have funny or interesting thoughts in the shower?	What do you expect ? I 've been working for you for three years , and you 've never given me a holiday . I don 't feel well today , because I have a terrible headache . I am not in the mood for being gentle and polite . If you can 't stand it , it 's your problem . I am not going to change , because I think it suits you best .	Of course . What room are you in , sir ?	A twin room , please .	I 'd like a twin room , please .	Actually it will be my first time to meet her .
2	Do you ever use any home remidies when you are sick?	never mind that , I 'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?	I guess I am going to arrive at 9:00 in the morning and I would like to leave at 200 in the afternoon on Sunday . Please give me a room away from the elevator . I hate noises while I am sleeping .	Well , doctors are such an important job . I mean your health is the most imponent thing you 've got , isn 't it ? I want to be important and help people .	no .	No .
2	Do you ever wish you had the artistic ability to express your feelings?	Yeah . Thanks for the talk .	Great , because I am really mad at William . I mean , what kind of an idiot wouldn 't be able to appreciate a smart , beautiful woman like me ? Anybody who would be friends with that guy has to be really dumb .	I 'm going to the movie theater with my friend . What are you going to do ?	Fine . Here you go .	I took a part-time job last semester in translating and doing reception work for an exhibition . My work included hosting the visiting foreign exhibitors , communicating with them , arranging their agenda , and translating several materials . I think this activity well demonstrated my ability in English . And I will be glad to take any form of English test you arrange for me to prove my ability .
2	Do you get sick often?	I want to go four times a week , but I 'm too lazy . Last week , I only went to workout once .	No , usually they 're very busy .	No , usually they 're very busy .	Usually , I go to London twice a year but sometimes I go three or four times a year .	No , I often go there with my friends .
2	Do you go to bed at a regular time every day?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	I 'm not quite sure .	I don 't have one time in particular . I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired .	Thursday mornings are usually the slowest around here . Why don 't we set it for Thursday at 10:00 a . m .  ?
2	Do you have a controled diet or do you eat freely?	Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .	most people eat tempura with chopsticks , but you can use a fork if you don 't know how to use chopsticks .	Getting 30 minutes of exercise a day is important . If you smoke , you need to stop .	I wouldn 't mind a burger .	I can 't bear eating less .
2	Do you have a favorite flavor of ice cream?	Well . l like the traditional flavors like rum raisin , butter pecan . maple walnut , strawberry , chocolate and vanilla . But now there are some new flavors from Asia like green tea and durian .	I don 't like peppermint ice cream .	No , thank you . I don 't need any . You see , I 'm on a diet .	What 's that ?	I don 't like Hamburgers . They have no taste .
2	Do you have a favorite stationery item?	Vanilla with toppings is my favorite .	No . I 'd like a slide , I have a new projector .	You may tell me both , Ma 'am .	I do for shower items like shower gel and shampoo , but I don 't for higher-end items .	Actually I 'm buying a camera for my husband .
2	Do you have a favorite superhero?	to be honest , no . I 'm always in search of new music to listen to .	Well , that 's hard to say because there are so many good ones . I don 't think I could pick a favorite .	I love fruit flavored ices the best .	Vanilla with toppings is my favorite .	Sure . What do you need ?
2	Do you have a fear of heights?	I think so . After I jumped out of the plane , I realized that I should just enjoy life . Worrying about it or not doing things out of fear is just plain silly .	Surely , I 'll have one made for you . You want a print ?	That 's great ! What comes along with Moutan ?	It happens quite often , actually . Whenever there arises a dispute between the union and the executive group , the first thing they do is to call a strike . Usually it only lasts a day or two before both sides can come to an agreement and we start work again . Anyhow , it 's a nice , unanticipated holiday .	We 're just looking for a reasonable price according to the specifications in our project blueprint . That 's all I can say .
2	Do you have a high tolerance for pain?	No , I have never been told that I have high blood pressure .	No , and I haven 't done anything out of the ordinary .	I am going to put a cuff on you to get a reading .	I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion .	We 're just looking for a reasonable price according to the specifications in our project blueprint . That 's all I can say .
2	Do you have a morning ritual?	Sure . What do you need ?	Yes , but we charge 50 % more and it only takes 3 hours .	Honey , don 't tell me that you forgot our anniversary , did you ?	Yes , we 've got a reservation . The name is Ann .	Yes . The reservation under Mr . Watson .
2	Do you have a phone at home? If not, when was the last time you did?	Yes . How are you , Anna ?	Yes . How are you , Anna ?	It would have to be after lunch . Do you have anything available about 2 o 'clock ?	Yes , I do . You can go to the Transport Department to get yourself a bus schedule and a bus route map .	It 's a long story . In a word , I didn 't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
2	Do you have a routine sleeping position?	Yes , I even can 't fall asleep these days .	Yeah . I have one from college at my parents 'house .	Of course , I have . There is one in my old house . And I have another one from college at my parents 'house .	I allocate different patients with their consent to different nurses . And I supervise the primary nurses and help nurses carry out their work .	I don 't know .
2	Do you have a song that you listen to when you get angry or bitter about something?	Do you come from a country where they shake hands ?	Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?	Absolutely . That set it off big time !	Great , because I am really mad at William . I mean , what kind of an idiot wouldn 't be able to appreciate a smart , beautiful woman like me ? Anybody who would be friends with that guy has to be really dumb .	It is all right . I will call the boss and tell him I am staying another day . I stayed an extra night in Boston last month and he didn 't seem to put about it .
2	Do you have a strong memory?	Actually , I could you some help . Thank you so much .	Actually , I could use some help . Thank you so much .	Actually , i could you some help . Thank you so much .	Sure . What do you need ?	Sorry , I don 't smoke .
2	Do you have any 5 or 10 year goals?	I would like to be in a managerial role , ideally working do6ely with external clients . I have worked in client-facing roles for more than two years and I enjoy the challenge of keeping the customer satisfied . I think Ifs something I 'm good at . Finally , I 'd like to be on the right career path towards eventually becoming a senior manger within the company . I 'm very aware that these are ambitious goals , however I fell through hard work and dedication they achievable .	I don 't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing .	Yes , I think so .	But my salary will be 1100 dollars a month . Will you pay me that much for the first month ? Because , I mean , I won 't be working so many hours .	No , that thought doesn 't cross my mind .
2	Do you have any bad habits?	No , I rarely smoke . I don 't drink , either . I only drink with my family on celebrations or with close friends .	I need change for the machines ?	Not really . I 'd really like to try golf , though .	Not really . I 'd really like to try golf , though .	I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games .
2	Do you have any friends from a religion other than yours?	If you can , could you pick up my prescription for me ?	I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games .	The choice of destination is very important . It will too energetic for the old people if you make an excursion or go to climb mountains . But they 'll be interested in going to the historical places of interest where they can have fun .	Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby	Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby .
2	Do you have any habits you wish you could erase?	I need change for the machines ?	I 'll report it honestly . I 'll give a correct analysis . I may quit the job - and pay compensation . But I have my way to judge whether I fail .	I took a part-time job last semester in translating and doing reception work for an exhibition . My work included hosting the visiting foreign exhibitors , communicating with them , arranging their agenda , and translating several materials . I think this activity well demonstrated my ability in English . And I will be glad to take any form of English test you arrange for me to prove my ability .	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?	No , I receive this as a birthday present , but the price tag is still on the skirt though . Will that be OK ?
2	Do you have any pets? What are their names?	I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games .	I 'm really not sure .	I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I 'll even give you one ounce for free .	Yes , I do . I am the oldest child . I have a sister and a brother . My sister is in college and my brother in high school .	Jack and Stephanie .
2	Do you have any phobias?	Runny nose and coughing .	I 've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?	I 've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?	I guess so . It comes and goes .	No , I don 't have any allergies that I know of .
2	Do you have any special greeting used only for phone calls in your country?	thank you very much .	Thank you very much .	It 's true .	Sure !	Well , that explains it . I 've been using my old PIN number ! Thanks for explaining everything to me .
2	Do you have good vision? If not, do prefer contacts or glasses?	Well , I am thinking about redesigning my kitchen .	We have a selection of orange , apple , grape and lemonade .	No , I don 't .	Well , I collect beer mats . I 'm not sure that counts , though .	Well , I collect beer mats . I 'm not sure that counts , though .
2	Do you have some favorite clothes?	There isn 't a lot , why , do you have a large load to wash ?	What size ?	Anything you want . They have both casual and formal styles .	Anything you want . They have both casual and formal styles .	The styles here are too boring for me . I told you . I like street shopping .
2	Do you have your own website or blog? What do you publish on it?	I want to see all places of renown in Suzhou .	Yes , if you could . I mean , if you could read it to make sure there are no mistakes . Or maybe you 'd have some suggestions .	I have accumulated a wealth of practical experience in work as a chief advertisement designer . Moreover , I realized teamwork is the key to success .	Yeah , but that 's not why I am upset . I just found out another guy got a promotion . He doesn 't know how to do anything . He sits there and kisses the managers butt all day long .	Well , doctors are such an important job . I mean your health is the most imponent thing you 've got , isn 't it ? I want to be important and help people .
2	Do you know any dietary restrictions for pregnant women?	well , women are the ones giving birth . I think it 's fair to give them more time , don 't you ?	No , I rarely smoke . I don 't drink , either . I only drink with my family on celebrations or with close friends .	Of course I know it , but you know it 's hard to quit smoking .	they need to eat healthy foods , but they also have to increase the amount of exercise they do every day . They don 't have to cut out fattening foods altogether , though .	They need to eat healthy foods , but they also have to increase the amount of exercise they do every day . They don 't have to cut out fattening foods altogether , though .
2	Do you know how many bones you have?	I think I can get by with 2 , 000 .	I think I can get by with 2 , 000 .	I 'll take two more , a red one and a white one .	I think 2 , 000 would be enough .	I think 2 , 000 would be enough .
2	Do you know of anybody who was assassinated?	I got a perfect look at the suspect .	I 'm not sure now . In any case , let 's first make some careful investigations .	I can ask around at work . Do you have a preference for makers or non-smokers ?	I can ask around at work . Do you have a preference for makers or non-smokers ?	Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only .
2	Do you know your blood type?	A compact please . What 's the daily rate for that car ?	Cola , please .	I like it very much . My name has became part of me . I don 't want to change it .	Really it depends on my mood . When I am sad or depressed , I like comedies . If I 'm feeling good , I 'll watch almost anything .	I 'd just like a trim , and don 't cut it too short .
2	Do you know your zodiac sign?	I like it very much . My name has became part of me . I don 't want to change it .	No , could you just write your secret admirer on it for me ? I don 't want her to recognize my handwriting .	Yes . Please sign your name at the bottom of the Exchange Receipt . Thanks very much and here 's your money .	I don 't have it to hand , but I know the number . It 's 16211469 9 . Can you do anything , like stop the card for example ?	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?
2	Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?	I have no idea . I like cooking by myself . I like to taste delicious food .	I think so , because most young people like modern dances , such as rock and roll .	I 'm having a great time . I love it . I 'm glad we came .	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
2	Do you like drinking wine?	I 'd prefer wine . You ?	I like champagne .	Depending on what you consider a lot .	Beer , please . Oh , there are so many dishes .	It 's fashionable .
2	Do you like go to out for New Years or just stay home?	Yes , I need to go home to have a family reunion .	No problem . Wait a moment .	I haven 't decided yet . But I may go out .	That would be nice . How are you getting there ?	That would be nice . How are you getting there ?
2	Do you like learning new languages?	Visual C + + , C and Delphi .	Visual C + + , C and Delphi .	I think I 'm making good progress .	I can speak French and German .	Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French .
2	Do you like movies based on comic book heros?	Not really !	I always like to see the oldies , like The Sound of Music , Gone with the Wind . They are realty the best - in the acting , the scene and the plot .	I read everything I can get my hands on but I like love stories best . What do you think about the love stories ?	I don 't like feature films . I think sometimes it loses contact with reality . I like to see some documentary films . What kind of feature films do you like best ?	Er , let me see . Romance , comedy , documentary , action , science fiction , cartoon and so on .
2	Do you like seeing a movie in a theater or at home better?	Oh , yeah , and I did promise to see it with you if we went to that movie last week . But you liked that movie , didn 't you ?	As far as I 'm concerned , staying at home is more comfortable than going to the movies .	What are the movies that are playing ?	Is there anything good playing ?	I can 't because I already promised my roommate that I would go shopping with her .
2	Do you like to follow fashion?	It was very good . I followed it right to the end .	Of course . I often go to the movies .	That 's a good idea . What time is good for you ?	How about some Beatles ?	Take a left .
2	Do you like to follow political news?;	Which one ?	There 's always Gramercy Tavern . They have live jazz . The food is delicious , but very expensive .	I report the social news which means I always interview the citizens of various professions and trades .	Sure , where would you like to go ?	sure , where would you like to go ?
2	Do you like to play in the snow?	actually , the woman playing Ophelia is a past classmate of mine .	Actually , the woman playing Ophelia is a past classmate of mine .	How about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .	how about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .	Not really . It 's a dull one , and the production isn 't satisfactory , either .
2	Do you like your name? If given the chance, would you change it?	If I need to know the price , I 'll just look at the label .	Well , doctors are such an important job . I mean your health is the most imponent thing you 've got , isn 't it ? I want to be important and help people .	I am not being all that particular right now because I just need to keep a roof over my head .	I 'll have to look . What do you want it for ?	I 'll try them on .
2	Do you mostly use cash or cards to pay for things?	Cash , please .	I 'd like it to be charged to my credit card .	Credit card . We don 't like to carry much cash with us on our trips .	Credit card . We don 't like to carry much cash with us on our trips .	I think I 'll be paying with cash .
2	Do you often procrastinate things?	I want to go four times a week , but I 'm too lazy . Last week , I only went to workout once .	No , I often go there with my friends .	Certainly .	Usually , I go to London twice a year but sometimes I go three or four times a year .	No , usually they 're very busy .
2	Do you have or would you get a Tattoo? If so, what would it be and where?	What about 15 yuan ?	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	To hell with you . The accident was your fault .
2	Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?	Yes . I enjoying reading biographs , especially those of well-known statesmen , militarists , scientist and artists , I can learn a lot from their life histories .	Yes . I enjoying reading biographs , especially those of well-known statesmen , militarists and artists , I can learn a lot from their life histories .	Yes , very much . Which one is the latest ?	I love science fiction and fantasy , but I 've been reading a lot of both lately , so I 'd prefer to get something else .	Literature and economy .
2	Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?	Yes . I enjoying reading biographs , especially those of well-known statesmen , militarists , scientist and artists , I can learn a lot from their life histories .	Yes . I enjoying reading biographs , especially those of well-known statesmen , militarists and artists , I can learn a lot from their life histories .	Literature and economy .	I 'd like both .	Many kinds of books . When I was a child in elementary school , I enjoyed reading fables and science fiction . When I became to a teenager at middle school , I was interested in detective mystery stories . Now I like reading romance stories .
2	Do you recycle well?	Mainly plastics . Plastics aren 't bio degradable - they don 't break down easily in the environment - so they shouldn 't be thrown away .	Yes . We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors . What do you think of this one ?	Yes . Here you are .	No , where are the cotton cloths ?	Yes , I can . To tell you the truth , I 'm the best nearby .
2	Do you regularly exercise?	Yes , as long as I can find the time . I like swimming best .	Certainly .	Well , I walk every day .	I usually spend 30 minutes on the bicycle for the Carpio , and then I lift weight for about 45 minutes .	Yes . I do one set of shadow-boxing every morning after I get up .
2	Have you ever used an instant camera such as a Polaroid? When?	Wow ! What else does it do ?	Wow ! What else does it do ?	You 're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can 't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ?	You 're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can 't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ?	You 're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can 't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ?
2	Do you stay in hotels when you travel?	Oh , I 'm hoping to take courses in my vacation .	As soon as possible .	I 'd like to pack my bags and leave tonight .	Later this month . I can 't wait !	About three weeks .
2	Do you text more or call more? Why?	Yes , I try to keep in touch with them .	Just sign right here , please . That 's everything you need to do .	No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here .	1564 .	Yeah , I want the note .
2	Do you think all animals on Earth are important?	I think there must be .	I think there must be .	I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .	I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .	I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan for action , but I doubt it 'll happen before it 's too late .
2	Do you think capital punishment is a good punishment?	No , all religions are essentially based on the same ideals , so no one is really better .	It seems like a good idea but I am not really sure .	That 's exactly why my business is doing so well !	I 'm not at all keen on that sort of job . It makes me crazy .	They do give bonuses at the end of the year for the employees with highest productivity numbers , but frankly , it 's not much of an incentive . They give us a bonus of ten dollars .
2	Do you think dogs mind being kept on leashes?	Sometimes we 'll see them , they 'll have like sort of conventions of reunions of the pets so , yeah , you get to see them once in awhile .	Not at all . Go right ahead .	She 's eight years old . She 's getting quite old . Your dog 's six , isn 't he ?	i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away .	How do they train the dogs ? Well , I mean , it 's a long process , right . we get them when they 're puppies . and so we train them basic . you know , sit , come . really basic things . then , after they 're about two year old , they go a different training school .
2	Do you think eating cereal is a good breakfast?	Compared with healthy food , unhealthy food just tastes so much better . And anyway , I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active , you can get away with eating whatever you like . It 's all in the mind .	No , thanks .	I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	Is there any difference ?	That 's pretty tough !
2	Do you think factory work would be intersting for you?	I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested . What 's more , your company is outstanding in this field .	I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested . What 's more , your company is outstanding in this field .	People are supposed to work hard within regular work time , especially when it is an important work that is highly paid for . I don 't mind work over spare time if it is paid for .	Yes , I am sure I can .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .
2	Do you think homephones could be improved in any way?	I think that I could study a little harder for tests .	Yes , I am sure I can .	I 'd like to work in marketing . I think I could have a good career in that field .	How about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .	how about some dumplings ? I just can 't get enough of them .
2	Do you think it would be easy to learn to fly a plane?	Next Monday .	As soon as possible . Do you have a flight tomorrow ?	The next one to my destination . I have to be there as soon as possible .	Saturday , July 25 .	First , we 're going to change the curtains , then we 're going to paint the walls .
2	Do you think it's better to travel by land or air to a destination?	I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .	I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .	yes , please . That 's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ?	Yes , please . That 's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ?	Which one do I choose ? I don 't want to give up , but I really feel tired .
2	Do you think it's important to be thin?	Please don 't be nosey .	I 'll need them for the conference on Monday afternoon . Do you think it can be done by then ?	That all depends on what you like to do . For example , I like to doodle on the notepad , so I 'm thinking about doing some real drawings .	That all depends on what you like to do . For example , I like to doodle on the notepad , so I 'm thinking about doing some real drawings .	This party is going to have a DJ , food , and drinks .
2	Do you think it's offensive to call people "crazy'?	Just did my best .	I know . I still haven 't heard from her . The good thing is that I 'm so angry with her that I don 't feel sad about not having her around .	well , maybe you could tell them about my promotion .	Because the earth 's environment can 't tolerate cars forever . I think cars are already causing global warming . When the problem gets more serious , world governments will have to start limiting car use .	I suppose . What can they do ? I don 't even know who he is .
2	Do you think Las Vegas would be a good vacation spot?	Yes . I went there once on a business trip .	In total , it should be about $ 5 , 000 for the week conference . Would you like to see the breakdown ?	Very well . If I leave I 'll miss you .	Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?	Yes and no .
2	Do you think more movies should be based on video games like Resident Evil was?	Maybe some of it . I think a lot of people blame TV and movies when the real problem is that the parents aren 't bringing their child up correctly .	It 's called Counter Strike . It 's a first person shooter game . It 's awesome . It 's a multi player game where you can go online and compete against players from all over the world .	It 's called Counter Strike . It 's a first person shooter game . It 's awesome . It 's a multi player game where you can go online and compete against players from all over the world .	everyone in my family really enjoys playing card games .	Everyone in my family really enjoys playing card games .
2	Do you think mosquitos do any good in the world?	Yes , I 've been thinking about Florida .	I 'm really into watching foreign films . what about you ?	Well , there are several things . Of course , you must do everything you can to keep costs down and revenues high .	No .	no .
2	Do you think people could live today if there were still dinosaurs on the planet?	I think there must be .	I think there must be .	But , if we all pushed our way in , nobody could get off , and nobody could get in either .	In our company , the loborial force makes up 60 % of our workers . We 'd just be letting slightly over half the folks out a little early .	Yes , I do . I think we can compete . I think we can make a name for ourselves . It will be hard at first . But if we develop a good advertising campaign , I think we can break into the market .
2	Do you think people immigrating to your country make it better?	No . Not now . I think I 'll try to keep this one .	As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work .	My major is Automobile Designing and I have received my master 's degree in science . I think I can do it well .	I 'd like to study in the UK , but it 's really expensive .	My field is electronic engineering . Which country do you think I should go ?
2	Do you think people who are good at math are smarter?	I am sure you will . There are some works , and some students who major in painting interpret the meaning for visitors . And people can enjoy the paintings while waiting for the train .	I am impatient with myself at times and am hard on myself .	I could really use a 5 % rise .	They 're keyboard operators . This is Michael Baker , and this is Jeremy Short .	Yes , I do . I think we can compete . I think we can make a name for ourselves . It will be hard at first . But if we develop a good advertising campaign , I think we can break into the market .
2	Do you think some censorship on the internet is a good thing?	Sure . It 's to raise money for the homeless .	Sure . It 's to raise money for the homeless .	We 've been able to survey and track some of the information of our website users through some cookie technology , and it 's surprising to see the results .	To run a successful internet business , it requires a little research and relatively small investment . You 've got to have a good idea of some kind of product that is in demand or would be popular .	Or Lapis . They are both listed this year glory magazine for have most of frantic Fetch cuisine in town . But I heard Lapis has a better wine selection .
2	do you think team sports or individual sports are better?	to be honest , I don 't really care for either one .	Football . It 's a very exciting game , because it keeps you alert , and I also enjoying the team spirit of football .	Football . It 's a very exciting game , because it keeps you alert , and I also enjoying the team spirit of football .	I 've been doing yoga for a long time .	I just like jogging .
2	Do you think the creation of social media is more beneficial than not?	I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets .	I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets .	Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation ?	Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation ?	I think its critical advantage lies in its low cost . All you need is a racket , a table and a light celluloid ball . Tables are usually available in public recreation areas , like finest rooms , and outdoor playgrounds .
2	Do you think there are any undiscovered islands or societies on Earth?	I think there must be .	I think there must be .	I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan of action , but I doubt it 'll happen before it 's too late .	I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan for action , but I doubt it 'll happen before it 's too late .	I think it 's a very complicated issue . A part of the difficulties women have advancing in the work force are due to few opportunities and many male managers . Don 't underestimate the good ole 'boy system . Men have power , so it 's easier for them to stay in power .
2	Do you think there can be world peace?	As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work .	Yes , I 'll be managing the guys on the dock .	I want to prove my true value in the electronic industry , and hopefully in the near future I would be promoted to a higher position .	I 'm going to help him .	Three days .
2	Do you think tongue twisters are funny?	I like the old styles of dance . Such as fox-trot , waltz , rumba , tango and so on . They 're all graceful .	Yeah , I suppose . I guess it isn 't healthy to run in this weather .	I can 't help it .	Mind your own business .	Looking at the beautiful creatures and listening to their songs are such wonderful experiences . I feel as if I 'm in direct contact with nature .
2	Do you think water is expensive?	I 'm afraid there isn 't .	I 'm afraid I must . Look at it ! It 's terribly dry .	Yes , but you have to calculate a little . You paid fifty dollars and you fell down fifty times . So you only spent one dollar per fall . That 's cheap .	never mind that , I 'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?	Yeah , I suppose . I guess it isn 't healthy to run in this weather .
2	Do you think you are a good actor?	Because I 'm very competent in this area .	Because I 'm very competent in this area .	A chance ? Not just a chance , I 'm a hundred percent certain . Everyone says my voice is beautiful .	It seems like a good idea but I am not really sure .	Well , maybe not a Michael Zhang , but better than the average . Person would you like to play again Wednesday ?
2	Do you think you are more positive or negative?	I always catch this bus .	Frankly speaking , I 'm a typical Chinese workaholic . I don 't mind working late at night . Due to that , I tend to leave the office late .	Yes . I have some travellers cheques and two credit cards .	I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games .	Well , I am always energetic and enthusiastic . That 's my strongest personality .
2	Do you think you would do well working a job that was overnight?	People are supposed to work hard within regular work time , especially when it is an important work that is highly paid for . I don 't mind work over spare time if it is paid for .	A laboratory assistant helps to maintain scientific equipment , keep a check on the supplies in the store , and prepare the chemicals for experiments .	Because I 'm very competent in this area .	Because I 'm very competent in this area .	Yes , I know . But I don 't mind working hard .
2	Do you think you'd like to visit Canada or the USA more?	Why not go to Paris ? It 's famous for Arch of Triumph , Eiffel , versailles and place de la Concorde .	5 , 000 Euros will be sufficient , thanks .	To study . I am going to the University of Tampa to do a postgraduate course for three years .	Just a couple things , here 's a list .	Yes . In that case , you should connect the operator and he will connect you with the one you want .
2	Do you use a clothes dryer at home?	I 'd rather wash the clothes .	What do you need help with ?	I have no choice .	So complicated ! Ok , what about this red wine stain ? How do I get it out ?	So complicated ! Ok , what about this red wine stain ? How do I get it out ?
2	Do you usually wear a watch?	No , the one you have on looks fabulous , especially with your hair like that .	No , the one you have on looks fabulous , especially with your hair like that .	You 're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It 's not because your jacket isn 't thick enough .	Nothing unusual , I 'm afraid .	I only watch now .
2	Do you wear sunscreen?	You know , honey , I used it all on the way over .	Medium , I think .	My feet is size 37 .	Middle size	Ten and a half .
2	Does your country have a king or a queen?	An American one , please . I am in a hurry .	Jones . According to your website , the nightly rate is $ 50 , including breakfast .	So the guest is presumed to be thirsty and in need of some drink after the trip . In that case , I guess , in return , the guest doesn 't have to drink it if he wouldn 't like it .	A single , preferably with a bath .	That 'll be no problem .
2	Does your country have a motto or nickname?	Well , I see .	I 'm Chen Ming .	yes , but I bought it when it was on sale , 50 % off the original price . OK , what do you think ?	It 's a suitcase . But I 've forgot the exact color . Maybe it is red or something .	No , of course not . Just in case . Nothing to worry about . Don 't you also do this in China ?
2	Does your country have special occasions they celebrate with fireworks?	Wow .	Honey , don 't tell me that you forgot our anniversary , did you ?	We don 't have a national day .	Christmas is also a special time for us to have the family reunion and to express our best wishes to those we love and those who love us in the coming new year .	I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there .
2	Does your favorite sports team have any nicknames?	I like Renaldo the most .	Italian . They played very well , but they were not very lucky .	Basketball , I 'm a basketball fan .	It 's hard to say . Perhaps swimming is my favorite . I like swimming because it helps improve my lung capacity . In the scorching summer days , there 's nothing like a cool swim . Currently , I go to the pool twice every week .	Swimming . What about you ?
2	Every get so frustrated at work that you just want to walk out?	Just put it on with the rest of my hotel bill .	Well , in a way yes . But I must say that even if I 'm not completely happy in my work I always give 110 % I would never shirk my responsibilities . I suppose sometimes I expect too much too soon .	Well , in a way yes . But I must say that even if I 'm not completely happy in my work I always give 110 % I would never shirk my responsibilities . I suppose sometimes I expect too much too soon .	I don 't have the day off . Our labor union is staging a nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week .	You won 't believe who 's been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I 've already logged in 20 hours of overtime !
2	What is something you love about yourself?	I like the plot . It 's so full of twists and turns . I also like the main character . She is so humorous and smart .	No . I only wish that you could give me a definite answer to my application as soon as possible .	I 'd like to be an overseas tour guide someday . Would there ever be any chance of that ?	A lot , like the party I 'm having on Friday .	I 'm going to mow the lawn .
2	What do you have that you are grateful for? 	I 'm trying to learn new skills . It makes me more qualified for a good job .	It may not be the best choice for me , but I am considering it .	I promise you that I have the time to do this . If I didn 't , I wouldn 't offer to help .	I 'll try a steak sandwich .	For me , this would be having good relationships with my family members . My family has always been very close knit , and we still spend a lot of time together .
2	What time zone do you live in?	Actually , my office is right around the corner .	Actually , my office is right around the corner .	I like Brisbane . I had my teenage years in Brisbane , growing up in Brisbane , um or maybe Sidney because it is a big city , but Brisbane has got the gold coast and the sunshine .	Don 't worry , you 'll find a way .	In the Golden Mountain Hotel in Beijing .
2	Do you like outdoorsy stuff?	camping for an evening is ok , but I couldn 't do it for much longer than one night !	I really like apples and grapes .	Apple pie is my favorite .	I love apple pie .	No , where are the cotton cloths ?
2	Has anyone ever ruined your good mood?	No , you know I can 't bear eating less .	Sure , my name is Ana Ferris . Don 't worry about it , it happens to me all the time . I 'm terrible with names too .	Sure , my name is Ana Ferris . Don 't worry about it . it happens to me all the time . I 'm terrible with names too .	I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad !	I have no bad habit . I sleep eight hours a day , never eat spicy food , clean the face twice a day and so on . I have done a lot .
2	Has a teacher ever changed your life? How so?	No . But she taught me last term . How long have you been here ?	She was great . In today 's class , she gave us a lecture on how to be a good student . She told us not to arm for exams , and to pay more attention on communicating than memorizing .	Yes , she is .	Of course , it 's useful . And it 's very crucial to have the copies of teacher 's notes , because most questions in the exam are based on them .	Poor guy ! It 's not fair . You forgot it too .
2	Has anything been bothering you lately?	My stress level is pretty much what is usually is .	I haven 't been able to get a good night 's sleep lately . I 'm exhausted !	Actually , I haven 't been sleeping well . I am kind of out of it .	I 've actually been pretty good . You ?	I 've been feeling a little light-headed lately .
2	Do you think you are very social? 	Well , I am always energetic and enthusiastic . That 's my strongest personality .	Yes . I think it 's time to move on . I 've already been here too long .	I 'm going to help him .	I 'm just going to keep going to PCC .	I don 't know . Hey , do you think I could borrow your car for a few hours ?
2	Does public speaking make you nervous? 	They 're both harder than reading or writing .	What do you expect ? I 've been working for you for three years , and you 've never given me a holiday . I don 't feel well today , because I have a terrible headache . I am not in the mood for being gentle and polite . If you can 't stand it , it 's your problem . I am not going to change , because I think it suits you best .	No . It 's all Greek to me .	No . It 's all Greek to me .	Something like listening to music is a good idea .
2	Have you ever baked anything by yourself? 	I may get some fruit .	No , I just read the names off the packages . Ha !	It 's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .	That would be great . I am really in the mood for a spicy hotpot . Any special reason for the invitation ?	That would be great . I am really in the mood for a spicy hotpot . Any special reason for the invitation ?
2	Have you ever been hunting?	Yes . The scenery there is so breathtaking	Yes . The scenery is so breathtaking .	A couple of times .	My car broke down .	I just got back from London .
2	Have you ever been to a haunted house?	Frightened ? You must be joking .	Frightened ? You must be joking .	Frightened ? You must be joking .	Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .	Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .
2	Have you ever been to India?	No , but I 'd really like to .	Sure ! I just got back yesterday . I 'm still suffering from jet lag .	Oh yes , I 've been to Britain many times . I go there on business .	No , it might be dangerous there .	No , I haven 't . This is the first time I have been to China .
2	Have you ever built something?	A couple of times .	Yes . The scenery is so breathtaking .	Yes . The scenery there is so breathtaking	No , but I can learn . What are you going to do this summer ?	Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .
2	Have you ever competed in a marathon?	Yes , I did , but I didn 't do very well . I made the final in both events , but came last . At least I made the final . I was very pleased with that .	no , but I got a pay rise of 5 % and a hours for all the hard work I 've put in recently . I think it was very nice for my boss to show his appreciation in that way .	No , but I got a pay rise of 5 % and a bonus for all the hard work I 've put in recently . I think it was very nice for my boss to show his appreciation in that way .	I 'm thinking about taking his class next semester .	I 've never had a part in a play before , but I used to be a part of the stage crew in high school .
2	Have you ever drived a car in another country?	I drove a car before , but only once .	That 's wonderful . OK . I 'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there 're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don 't take road regulations seriously .	I don 't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .	I don 't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .	We have Volkswagen , Pinto , Plymouth and Datsun .
2	Have you ever gone fishing in the sea?	no , but I 've always wanted to do that . I 've heard it 's a beautiful place to go .	Great . Let 's go . Where is it ?	I think we need to buy some baits and borrow some fish poles first .	Oh , you are such a dog !	Sweet . Can you tell me where it is ?
2	Have you ever gone to the emergency room?	Thank you for helping me .	No . Just let me see a doctor . I 'm worried about my arm .	Which room are you in ?	Which room are you in ?	Which room are you in ?
2	Have you ever gotten close to a dolphin?	Here 's my card .	I can try , but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately .	It 's just around the comer . Would you need some pills ?	It 's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .	yes , I went there once last summer .
2	Have you ever had to quit something like cigarettes?	Yes . Twice .	Yes , twice .	Yes . Twice .	Yes . Twice .	Many times . I 'm really addicted . It 's harder to stop than you think .
2	Have you ever made anything out of wood?	it depends on the price , but I was thinking of getting a wool / cashmere blend .	Come on . They look so cheap . Something else , please .	I 've only seen one in my life . I was looking out the window . It was around two miles away . It was very interesting to watch . But it was heading toward my friend 's house . So I quickly called them on the phone .	I 've only seen one in my life . I was looking out the window . It was around two miles away . It was very interesting to watch . But it was heading toward my friend 's house . So I quickly called them on the phone .	Well , I thought that I would choose either this one or that one . I really want a dark blue suit . Which do you recommend .
2	Have you ever met a genius?	His name is Tony and we met my first night in Pathos . He works with my sister who lives there .	Yes . I have worked part-time at a take away food store-the one just round the corner .	I used to work as a teacher .	Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .	That would have to be Miss Baymler , my fourth grade teacher .
2	Have you ever ridden in a horse drawn carriage?	Yes , I can . I don 't ride regularly though . How about you ?	Yes , I can . I don 't ride regularly though . How about you ?	What a good idea !	What a good idea !	Cycling during weekends ? Do you me riding on the mountainous countryside just the neighboring towns ?
2	Have you ever screamed at someone? (How come?)	Kebabs and roast squid .	I 'm fine for now , thanks .	I 'm fine for now , thanks .	Kebabs and roast squid .	I . I .
2	Have you ever seen dolphins in the wild?	Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest swimmers in the world .	Yeah , let me think , the kangaroo and koala bear from Australia are very famous .	The Yellow Rock National Park .	The environmental review board has a team on it now . Hopefully we 'll know more by the end of the week .	If I were the man making the decisions , you could get in line tomorrow . I strongly support ordinary people going into space . Unfortunately , I don 't think it will be in the near future .
2	Have you ever settled a disagreement by using rock paper scissors?	Well , the desk by the window is nicer , of course . Don 't you think ?	Sure . We just got some . They 're upto-date .	That reminds me I should buy some new socks to go hiking this weekend .	That reminds me I should buy some new socks to go hiking this weekend .	Yes , please .
2	Have you ever taken a class online?	I think I prefer face-to-face instruction better .	Yes . Are you going to be taking a class from him ?	I have been a class commissary in charge of studies for two years .	No , I don 't have that .	Yes , but I have never taken his class before .
2	Have you ever tried a dating app?	I havn 't seen her for a while . She stopped seeing nick because he was cheating on her . He was seeing a girl form his office . One day , she saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately .	No , not yet . Can you find a good price there ?	No , not yet . Can you find a good price there ?	Actually it will be my first time to meet her .	Well , it 's very convenient and very popular now .
2	Have you ever tried any fitness trends? 	It 's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .	Right now , many girls are dyeing there hair blond .	Pity I haven 't . If I can afford it , I 'll certainly take a trip abroad .	Yes , I 've been observing them .	That was an odd change of subject .
2	Have you ever tried to make some origami?	Make it after the present fashion , please . What if it does not fit ?	It 's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can 't receive your delivery in time .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can 't receive your delivery in time .	Of course , you can . All you need is a little help and a lot of practice .
2	Have you thought about doing a sky walk?	Ah , that 's a good idea . But I heard the film club of our school would show a film for free . Maybe we don 't need to go to the cinema .	Not really . I just worked on my car all day .	I 'll be back tomorrow with my work clothes and a gallon of lavender paint ! You just sit back and relax !	That 's not a bad idea . How much is it ?	That 's not a bad idea . How much is it ?
2	How are you all doing? Any exciting stuff happened lately?	Didn 't I tell you ? We 're moving to Florida ?	No , I 'm not . What are you planning to do ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	Well , I like collecting matchbox ! I 'm not sure if that counts , though .
2	How can you break a bad habit?	To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 percent would help .	About 20 minutes . Do you live alone ?	Absolutely . That set it off big time !	No . Not now . I think I 'll try to keep this one .	Never mind that , I 'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
2	How do you show others how much you care for them?	They 're only three thousand yuan .	Your company is well-known for its good corporate profile and rapid growing records . I want to work for a company that can display my abilities and talents .	It costs only two thousand yuan .	I don 't know . But I bet it must have been a good offer , or she wouldn 't have accepted it .	I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested . What 's more , your company is outstanding in this field .
2	How do you unwind at the end of the day?	I 'll try my best to make a good impression on the interviewer .	Yes , I am .	I have no idea .	I look at myself in the mirror . Sometimes , it 's not a pleasant sight , especially if I have been out late the late before .	Nine would be good , don 't you think ?
2	how is the weather where you live? Is it affecting you in any way?	everything has been fine for the past several months .	Oh , yes . We have rather mild winters . It always has much sunshine in winter . But it was very foggy when I left two days ago . I knew it would be colder here , but I thought there would be a lot of snow .	To run a successful internet business , it requires a little research and relatively small investment . You 've got to have a good idea of some kind of product that is in demand or would be popular .	Too easy questions . Listen carefully . Hollywood is the movie capital of the world . It is located in southern California . Many films have been made there , and the kinds have changed often .	Yes , the Perrier and the Jim Beam hit the spot . Let me have three more of each .
2	How long does it take your phone battery to run down?	It 's a twenty-minute bus ride .	If you want to speed up your system , you 've got to clean it up first .	If you want to speed up your system , you 've got to clean it up first .	The bus ride is only thirty minutes or so .	I spent a year to get my license .
2	How many cups of coffee do you think you drink in a week?	No , I 'd rather have a glass of juice , please . What kinds do you have ?	No , thank you . Check please .	I 'm fine , thank you .	One Coca Cola and the other a Sprite , please .	Yes . That would be good .
2	How old do you think is "old"?	Because the earth 's environment can 't tolerate cars forever . I think cars are already causing global warming . When the problem gets more serious , world governments will have to start limiting car use .	That is what tornadoes sound like . They sound like trains . They 're very loud .	It 's just a slogan for a famous company ; there 's nothing really special about it .	That 's a secret .	I am twenty-five years old .
2	How tall do you think is the perfect height?	I would say she 's only 5 feet .	that 's easy . It 's important to have the saddle high enough so that your legs can extend fully when you are on your bicycle .	That 's easy . It 's important to have the saddle high enough so that your legs can extend fully when you are on your bicycle .	I 'm thinking about buying this sweater . I know it 's june now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter .	I 'm thinking about buying this sweater . I know it 's June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter .
2	How would you describe yourself?	First , they 'll say I have a lot of energy and enthusiasm . I really enjoy working with people . Secondly , they 'll say I had great customer service skills . I put the customer first . And thirdly , they 'll say that I know the law . I put a lot of effort into my education as a paralegal and take it seriously .	There 's some professionals for both flower arrangement and tea ceremony . So you need to go to a school , yes , and learn from your teacher and their hierarchy and the organization and you need to pass each test to go , climb up the ladder in the hierarchy .	I didn 't realize that I have to buy something from them every six months .	I 'm pretty social and outgoing , and I like making new friends . But I 'm not a party animal , and I like to keep the apartment clean .	All it consists of is teriyaki beef and white rice .
2	What should I eat? Whats your favorite snack?	The Chinese rice pudding . Your father loves it , too . You wanna try ?	Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run .	Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run .	How about the eggplant and minced pork in dry red chili sauce and the 'tofu ' beancurd ? They are our specialties .	Irish coffee is my favorite . But I can drink any other . I 'm not particular on it .
2	If you could get tickets to any concert in the whole world, who would you go see?	I don 't know . If we can 't , we can buy from ticket scalpers .	Great . What do you suggest we see ?	Tomorrow .	I am a student and want to live in Haitian , so that I can live close to my school . I like to play soccer and I like a quiet apartment so I can study .	Thanks , but actually I was hoping I could ask you to write my biography .
2	If you could have a single superpower, what would it be?	Well as I mentioned before , I do tend to get frustrated if I don 't see progress in my work or career . I suppose I 'm quite a restless character . My father always taught me to be a high achiever so .	Well as I mentioned before , I do tend to get frustrated if I don 't see progress in my work or career . I suppose I 'm quite a restless character . My father always taught me to be a high achiever .	I don 't think so . As the saying goes , A great oak needs deep roots . I 'm really interested in this job .	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	Are you taking anything ?
2	If you could have any animal as a pet which would you choose?	I really like Japanese or Thai food .	Well , doctors are such an important job . I mean your health is the most imponent thing you 've got , isn 't it ? I want to be important and help people .	I think that I would like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer .	No . I want my money back .	Oh , just one thing , could you give me some ideas of the pay ?
3	How do you wind down after a long day?	My working hours aren 't fixed , sometimes I do the day shift , sometimes the night shift . In all , about 8 hours .	It 's a skill . What can I say ? I don 't know why , I just have a long routine .	Well , last night it took me half an hour to find a spot when I came home from work .	It 's a skill . What can I say ? I don 't know why , I just have a long routine .	You won 't believe who 's been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I 've already logged in 20 hours of overtime !
3	How was life different before smart phones?	Yes , I did . Don 't worry .	Good idea . Shall we search on line to find an appropriate one or go to a phone store ?	it 's not that bad . It kind of feels like I 'm on vacation , not having to answer my phone all the time !	More than five years now . After I did my engineering degree , I began to specialize in computer technology and I even had my own company for a while .	Actually , it 's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them .
3	When do you feel bad for yourself?	No , thanks . You 've done a lot for me already . Thank you for everything .	Yes , that hurts quite a lot .	Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .	Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .	I want some chicken and potatoes .
3	Would you like to work in a huge company like Google?	May I work in sales department ?	If possible , I 'd like to be positioned in the International Trade Department .	The first step is to fill in the Account Opening Application and the accompanying Seal Card , stamped with your company 's seal . I mean , the business seal and the corporate seal . We also need your Business Licence and the Enterprise Standard Code Certificate . Then we can go on to the next step .	It happens quite often , actually . Whenever there arises a dispute between the union and the executive group , the first thing they do is to call a strike . Usually it only lasts a day or two before both sides can come to an agreement and we start work again . Anyhow , it 's a nice , unanticipated holiday .	Sure . But it will be a long hike 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
3	Among the couples in your life, who has been married the longest?	About nine years	That 's true . You know , some husbands and wives don 't even live in the same city any more .	Well , at least going to college won 't be too bad . Since both of your parents are college professors , they must give you reduced tuition at the college .	Sounds interesting .	Is that so ? I 'm afraid it is too narrow-minded to judge people using astrology . It 's all stereotypes !
3	What kind of app do you think you need for your phone? Make one up!	5 , 000 Euros will be sufficient , thanks .	Well , doctors are such an important job . I mean your health is the most imponent thing you 've got , isn 't it ? I want to be important and help people .	Yes , here you go . And sign here ?	Study English .	Study English .
3	What kind of anime would you suggest I watch? 	I guess the games I like the most are the ones that I 'm good at !	I guess the games I like the most are the ones that I 'm good at !	Yeah , my wife likes that one , too . Personally , I prefer action movies .	I don 't really like sci-fi movies because they 're always really weird .	Anything with a lot of action , I like thrillers and chillers .
3	Have you ever lived on your own?	I have , actually ; I 've always wanted to build my dream home myself .	I have , actually ; I 've always wanted to build my dream home myself .	It took three of us to move it .	Not yet , can you recommend me some chickens ?	Yes . I have friends even though I am a man of few words . Just like the old saying goes , " Actions speak louder than words " . I am a hard-working silent person .
3	Any tips on finding out what you want to do with your life?	Study English .	Study English .	Study English .	I have accumulated a wealth of practical experience in work as a chief advertisement designer . Moreover , I realized teamwork is the key to success .	That 's very generous of you . Thanks for the offer .
3	Anybody have some good tips for nipping bad stress thoughts in the bud?	Thank you , Steven . You are really a good friend .	nothing particular .	Well , I suppose one of the problems is . will depend on what a person 's life style is , and that if he has other outside interests which are equally important to him as television , he will then , you know , hmm . be more careful about which programme she wants to watch because he has time which he wants to use for other things .	Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ?	Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ?
3	When have you felt overwhelmed?	I 've been feeling a little light-headed lately .	Frank has gone out with Lucy again .	No . This is my first Ae abroad . I am not sure what is wrong with me .	I 've actually been pretty good . You ?	Taking a yoga class or learning some relaxation techniques can help you cope with your stress .
3	Are emotions necessary for human survival? Why or why not?	They want raises and medical insurance , and I think they want to clean up the factory 's safety hazards . That 's probably the most important issue .	Paranoid ? I 'm not paranoid ! I 'm cautious ! You see Dan , we have to be on guard at all time ! People just invade your privacy as if they knew you ! Telemarketers , solicitors , even your bank ! They have way too much information ! I like to keep everything on a need to know basis .	Paranoid ? I 'm not paranoid ! I 'm cautious ! You see Dan , we have to be on guard at all time ! People just invade your privacy as if they knew you ! Telemarketers , solicitors , even your bank ! They have way too much information ! I like to keep everything on a need to know basis .	I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games .	I 'm going to manage the whole accounts department .
3	Are humans better at creation or destruction?	I understand your point , but we continue to have transgressions against human rights . If so much attention weren 't devoted to the topic of animals , we would then concentrate more on saving a human being instead of protecting a koala .	I understand your point , but we continue to have transgressions against human rights . If so much attention weren 't devoted to the topic of animals , we would then concentrate more on saving a human being instead of protecting a koala .	Math , sheath . What 's the evidence ?	Math , sheath . What 's the evidence ?	You can 't compare apples and oranges . I believe that both topics are important and that we can 't ignore them , the mistreatment of animals can cause a great environmental imbalance . I believe that governments should prohibit activities like poaching .
3	Are humans very different than animals? If so, what makes us different?	maybe people don 't like to have friends that are all the same . Most people like a little variety in their lives-including a variety of characteristics in their friends .	Let me have a look . Oh , no . They are Chinese poems which describe this happy scene .	Ma 'am , these are complimentary with each purchase . How about that one below the toys ? This is the best seller . They are of the latest model that can be found in town .	Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don 't want a common pet like a dog or a cat .	Um , well let 's see . I 'm from Kansas originally . A much quieter and more peaceful place than here , that 's for sure !
3	Are some lives more valuable than others?	Sorry , here you go .	Are there any cities where it rains a lot ?	Are there any cities where it rains a lot ?	Five . My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .	There are four people in my family .
3	Are there are any societal norms you want to change? 	yeah , wear formal clothes to your interview and do be punctual . That 'll leave your interviewers with a good first impression .	I understand . Thank you .	No , nothing in particular . Thank you .	there are basic decisions like which restaurant to go to . I can never seem to choose . I let my parents make big decisions for me . They chose my university and my course . I ended up studying something	I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan of action , but I doubt it 'll happen before it 's too late .
3	Are there any laws or social rules that completely baffle you?	I think it 's a very complicated issue . A part of the difficulties women have advancing in the work force are due to few opportunities and many male managers . Don 't underestimate the good ole 'boy system . Men have power , so it 's easier for them to stay in power .	Yes , I know what to do .	But these people say nothing about that . They are worried about losing their job because there is surplus in labor force these days .	But these people say nothing about that . They are worried about losing their job because there is surplus in labor force these days .	They do give bonuses at the end of the year for the employees with highest productivity numbers , but frankly , it 's not much of an incentive . They give us a bonus of ten dollars .
3	Are there any words that you think are completely international?	maybe people don 't like to have friends that are all the same . Most people like a little variety in their lives-including a variety of characteristics in their friends .	Yes . Is this your new product this year ?	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .	I would take it . After all , interest is not the only thing one should care about .	They want raises and medical insurance , and I think they want to clean up the factory 's safety hazards . That 's probably the most important issue .
3	Are there are special traditions or customs in your country surrounding death?	We don 't have a national day .	I think it 's a very complicated issue . A part of the difficulties women have advancing in the work force are due to few opportunities and many male managers . Don 't underestimate the good ole 'boy system . Men have power , so it 's easier for them to stay in power .	There are three , my parents and I .	My country is well know for being very flat . There are some hills in the southeast of the country .	My country is well know for being very flat . There are some hills in the southeast of the country .
3	Are you currently in your dream job? 	My experience in my last job showed that I have the talent to motivate people . It could be seen from the low absentee rate in my team . I want to continue that kind of contribution and to further develop this potential .	it 's much better than my old one . My new boss is great .	I 've only find a few openings in my field .	I 'm not so satisfied with it .	I think so . But before I apply , could you tell me more about the work ?
3	Are you good at being agreeable?	I am impatient with myself at times and am hard on myself .	not really . Sometimes , I even let other people make key decision for me .	I am good at pulling together teams of people to accomplish a task .	I am good at sprint and table tennis .	I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems .
3	Are you happy with your job choice? Would you have done something different looking back?	No . Not now . I think I 'll try to keep this one .	Right . I enjoy what I 'm doing .	Right . I enjoy what I 'm doing .	Ok . What else ?	Anytime .
3	Are you happy? What about your life makes you happy? 	You don 't know that I have been over-protected by my mother these years . I am really about to leave the family and spread my wings .	You don 't know that I have been over-protected by my mother these years . I am really about to leave the family and spread my wings .	We need to talk .	We need to talk .	Will , I 'm under a lot of pressure . My manager is very pushy . He assigned me two projects . Now the deadlines are near but I have finished neither of them .
3	What are you looking forward to in the coming month?	You bet . I 'm really excited .	A teacher .	I haven 't decided yet . But I may go out .	I haven 't thought about it yet .	I am going to major in tourism . What about you ? How long have you been here ?
3	At what point do you decide to upgrade your cell phone?	That would be very kind of you .	Yeah , it 's a must . Otherwise , I may miss important phone calls and text messages .	yeah , it 's a must . Otherwise , I may miss important phone calls and text messages .	No , I 'll discuss the business with him at hotel .	Certainly . If you want to make a local call , dial 10 first and then call the number you want .
3	Can people with vastly different cultural backgrounds live together peacefully?	I understand . Thank you .	That 's simple . Many people break the rules regarding their visa conditions .	Right . With the establishment of Internet and a lot of web companies , people are getting more and more dependent on the web .	Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country . Sometimes they give them too much freedom .	Well , I think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .
3	Does your culture have any urban legends or scary stories?	I think it 's a very complicated issue . A part of the difficulties women have advancing in the work force are due to few opportunities and many male managers . Don 't underestimate the good ole 'boy system . Men have power , so it 's easier for them to stay in power .	Thanks very much . I 'm sure it will sell well . I can 't wait to read it . Here 's my card . Thank you for you time .	Any more ?	I really like your books . I 've just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !	Thanks very much . I 'm sure it will sell well . I can 't wait to read it . Here 's my card . Thank you for you time .
3	Can you be homesick for somewhere that was never your home?	In just three weeks , and I am excited . But there are still a few things I need to do before I go .	In just three weeks , and I am excited . But there are still a few things I need to do before I go .	I would try to land a job in Beijing . I just want to go to one of the big cities .	Yeah . By the way , can I take a shower ?	Yes , I suppose . It 's a dangerous thing if a fire starts when people are sleeping .
3	Can you name some animals that use camoflage?	I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .	I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .	I have an electric toothbrush .	We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .	We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .
3	Can you tell me a funny traditional story that you would tell a child in your culture?	Certainly . We provide quality analysis training as part of the training for all new workers , plus a week of further training every year .	Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff .	Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff .	Then what 's the difference between having a crush and falling in real love ?	they are all good .
3	Can you tell when someone is lying?	Of course , which room number is it ?	Sure , what room number is it ?	If a customer is interested in some certain goods , he can ask the web company to have the specimen of the goods shown on the color screen , and then the customer can place an order online to the sales company . And then the goods you want will be delivered to your home . The service is perfect and the delivery is free of charge .	You will find a taxi stand the street corner .	She asked me to call you to book an appointment with someone else today . When are you free today ?
3	Did you ever meet someone online? How did it go and where are you two now?	It 's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .	I don 't have the day off . Our labor union is staging a nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week .	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .	As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work .
3	Do you think animals experience emotions like people do?	I think it 's mainly from the environment a person lives in .	yes , doesn 't everyone ?	I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .	I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .	I am sure you will . There are some works , and some students who major in painting interpret the meaning for visitors . And people can enjoy the paintings while waiting for the train .
3	Have you ever been obsessed with something? 	Yes . The scenery there is so breathtaking	Yes . The scenery is so breathtaking .	I 've actually been pretty good . You ?	A couple of times .	Actually , I haven 't been sleeping well . I am kind of out of it .
3	do you have a current goal you are working towards?	Ok . What else ?	I would like to be in a managerial role , ideally working do6ely with external clients . I have worked in client-facing roles for more than two years and I enjoy the challenge of keeping the customer satisfied . I think Ifs something I 'm good at . Finally , I 'd like to be on the right career path towards eventually becoming a senior manger within the company . I 'm very aware that these are ambitious goals , however I fell through hard work and dedication they achievable .	I 'll first get further information about our goals , ways , counterparts and management , etc .  . Then I 'll make my plan . And then I 'll go with all my effort to see it is realized .	Well , I 've found out a lot about this type of work and my research suggests that I would be quite capable of doing the work involved . I also think that I would be able to handle any training course reasonably well .	No . Not now . I think I 'll try to keep this one .
3	Do you have a favorite quote? What makes it resonate with you?	It 's too big for me . Could you recommend something else ?	I 'm sure you 'll look grand when it 's done . Would you like to have a shampoo after a while ?	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	Never mind that , I 'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
3	Do you have a friend that you can tell all your hopes, wishes, dreams and secrets to?	No problem at all , Mike . Just give me the chance .	Great .	We 're going fishing .	You couldn 't be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .	Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge , but I like challenge . Your firm is a young organisation with many innovative ideas . It has been very successful in an expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago . Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for .
3	Do you have a hobby? How did you figure out what you liked doing?	That all depends on what you like to do . For example , I like to doodle on the notepad , so I 'm thinking about doing some real drawings .	That all depends on what you like to do . For example , I like to doodle on the notepad , so I 'm thinking about doing some real drawings .	To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 percent would help .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .
3	Do you have a nickname? What is it? How did you get it?	Wow , you have a lot of questions ! I learned a lot . In fact , that 's why I am taking it again . I get lots of practice in speaking , and also in writing . I 'm sure you 'll be glad you took this course . I 'll even help you study if you 'd like .	I parked in the red zone .	My fault . I didn 't realize what time it was .	I give it away . Here , this one is for you .	I have been accepted by Oxford University on PhD .
3	Do you have any food allergies?	No , I don 't have any allergies that I know of .	I 've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?	I 've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?	It is so popular among people to preserve health now , so I read some books about health food .	Runny nose and coughing .
3	Do you have any ideas for dealing with food waste?	No .	Just bring along whatever it is that you and Jake would like to drink .	I need help with food .	I like Indian food as well .	I don 't think we have very much money for supplies , but we have a little .
3	Do you have any ideas for new inventions?	In my opinion , it has a broad prospect and it needs smart mind .	Of course I have . I 'd like to marry a handsome man and have two children if possible .	I 'd prefer to go abroad , if possible .	Well , since we 're collecting gifts instead of red envelopes , I made a " for guests only " gift chat room .	Why don 't we spend this vacation earning our tuition ?
3	Do you have any personal rituals for the end of the year?	I 've got a letter from my bank here . It shows I am able to support myself during these three years of studies .	So if we did allow the laboring force to go home early , how many people are we talking about ?	A copy or the original ? I guess you need the original , right ? OK , I 'll return shortly .	Perfect . So , I guess my next job is to go to the newsagent and buy some car magazines . Thanks for everything .	Yeah . I keep thinking about what I 'll do with a Master 's or Doctorate . I love language but I don 't think there are a lot of well-paying jobs out there for experts on Shakespeare .
3	Do you know any palindromes?	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?	Yes . We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors . What do you think of this one ?	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone 's got a room or apartment available .	Well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone 's got a room or apartment available .	Well , I like collecting matchbox ! I 'm not sure if that counts , though .
3	Do you know any sign language? 	Well , I studied French at school , but I 've forgotten most of it . I learnt some Russian while I was studying there and now I study Spanish in evening classes . Do you speak Japanese at home with your parents ?	Well , I studied French at school , but I 've forgotten most of it . I learnt some Russian while I was studying there and now I study Spanish in evening classes . Do you speak Japanese at home with your pa	Yes , I speak a little French and Japanese .	Just sign right here , please . That 's everything you need to do .	no dissert , thanks , just coffee . can I have the check please ?
3	Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?	I like all sorts of movies , primarily drama and science fiction .	I like to play computer games , read books , go shopping , and play pool .	I like all kinds of stuff . I admit I love romance .	I like all kinds of stuff . I admit I love romance .	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?
3	Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?	The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .	The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .	Yeah , I want the note .	I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games .	Yes . We 'll have our baby soon .
3	Do you like to talk about current events? 	I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal .	I have some questions about my lease .	I will cancel the fees you owe .	Ah , that 's a good idea . But I heard the film club of our school would show a film for free . Maybe we don 't need to go to the cinema .	I have a lot of work in the office and a lot of chores in the house . How I envy you , Robin !
3	Do you like your job? If money were no issue, what would you like to do instead?	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	Credit card please . Here you are .	People are supposed to work hard within regular work time , especially when it is an important work that is highly paid for . I don 't mind work over spare time if it is paid for .	I 'll report it honestly . I 'll give a correct analysis . I may quit the job - and pay compensation . But I have my way to judge whether I fail .
3	Do you regularly brush your teeth?	I use a soft bristle toothbrush .	Yes . I brush my teeth in the morning , just before I go to work . It 's actually the last thing I do before leaving . Then I brush again before bed .	To the right .	To the right .	Yes .
3	Do you regularly cook at home?	what kind of dishes do you usually make ?	I get home pretty late , around midnight .	They wanted to go out , and so they made me look after my baby brother .	Yes , exactly .	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !
3	Do you speak more than one language and how well do you speak it?	Well , French was my best subject at school . I can read and write it pretty well .	Well , French was my best subject at school . I can read and write it pretty well .	Well , French was my best subject at school . I can read and write it pretty well .	I can speak German quite well , but I can 't speak French very well .	I can speak German quite well , but I can 't speak French very well .
3	Do you think everyone has the capacity to be a leader?	I think one needs common knowledge , specific knowledge , and professional codes to be a successful translator .	It 's worth a shot .	No , no . It was just the wrong size .	Teamwork is ok to me , and I hope the team will be complementary in personality .	Cinct de mayo ?
3	Do you think factory work will be done by humans for much longer?	I 'll first get further information about our goals , ways , counterparts and management , etc .  . Then I 'll make my plan . And then I 'll go with all my effort to see it is realized .	I would like to help with the computer work .	That is OK sometimes .	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .
3	Do you think it would be harder to learn a spoken language or a sign language from birth?	When I was college , I passed Band Six of College English Test . All the foreign business men I 've dealt with say my English is quite good .	Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .	that 's a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?	The article points out that many languages have been lost and will be lost , but others will continue to be used for generation , even if English continues to be the dominant language .	The article points out that many languages have been lost and will be lost , but others will continue to be used for generation , even if English continues to be the dominant language .
3	Do you think obesity is a big problem in your country?	Here 's the swimming pool . It 's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .	Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff .	Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff .	Sure . We love each other and take care of each other .	I think you 're right . An international response to this problem is needed .
3	Do you think pets are good or bad for kids to have?	Yes . Is it wrong to lie to them even if it is for their good ?	I 'm sure of that . There 's enough food here to feed an army !	Yes . I have three sons . Actually I also have a grandson .	Yes . I have three sons . Actually I also have a grandson .	I just have some cereal each morning .
3	Do you think that the type of shows that people watch reflect their personality?	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .	As it 's confidential there is a certain amount of red tape , but it shouldn 't take too long . There is , of course a service fee of 300 RIB to be paid .	Yeah . Thanks for the talk .	Yeah , you 're right . When it comes down to it , I can be pretty tacky .	Yeah , you 're right . When it comes down to it , I can be pretty tacky .
3	Do you think time travel will be possible in the future?	A teacher .	Yes , we have inspection abroad .	I guess I am going to arrive at 9:00 in the morning and I would like to leave at 200 in the afternoon on Sunday . Please give me a room away from the elevator . I hate noises while I am sleeping .	I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .	I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .
3	Do you think walking is good exericse? Better than weight training?	Here 's the swimming pool . It 's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .	you 'll love that . It 's just a shot of espresso beans mixed with steam milk and some chocolate syrup .	Since summer is coming , I think swimming is a good way for you to do .	I 'm not on a diet though .	Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour .
3	Do you think white lies are okay?	Yes . I think it 's time to move on . I 've already been here too long .	Yeah , I suppose . I guess it isn 't healthy to run in this weather .	You know , I 'm about to graduate and I have to look for a job as soon as possible . But I haven 't the faintest idea of how to go about finding a job .	Yes . We 'll have our baby soon .	Because you 'd end up spoiled rotten if I wasn 't .
3	Do you think you are stylish?	Well , usually people think I 'm a terrible singer , but after we all have a few beers , they say I sound a lot better !	Well , usually people think I 'm a terrible singer , but after we all have a few beers , they say I sound a lot better !	I 'm sorry . I know there are still seven machines . But I 'm exhausted .	Yes . I think it 's time to move on . I 've already been here too long .	I 'm sorry . I 'm already doing something this Friday .
3	Do you think you could drive on the opposite side of the road than you do normally?	I would rather do the dishes than cook .	I 'm good at this . Nobody will see anything .	I am going to be a , well , I hope to be a research chemist .	Generally speaking , we can if we go at this speed and nothing unexpected happens .	Yes , I know what the curb colors mean .
3	Do you think you could live on Antarctica?	I don 't know . I don 't mind coming out here for a while , but that will get old pretty soon .	I think his house is fantastic , but I wouldn 't want to live there . You would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house , plus a few people to take care of the gardens , and probably an au pair or two to take care of the children . It 's just too big of a place to take care of on your own .	I think his house is fantastic , but I wouldn 't want to live there . You would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house , plus a few people to take care of the gardens , and pro	I 'd like to , but I 'm afraid I can 't afford the life here .	I live up in Altadena .
3	Do you think you have a voice that would be good for narration?	I 'll go and talk to my professor or a learning support assistant .	Let 's see . My schedule right now is quite busy . But I think I could spend 90 minutes a week in language exchange .	What do you expect ? I 've been working for you for three years , and you 've never given me a holiday . I don 't feel well today , because I have a terrible headache . I am not in the mood for being gentle and polite . If you can 't stand it , it 's your problem . I am not going to change , because I think it suits you best .	I believe that this job would allow me to move up but might be a little boring for me .	Never mind that , I 'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
3	Do you think you'll live to 100? 	I 'd like to , but I 'm afraid I can 't afford the life here .	I think his house is fantastic , but I wouldn 't want to live there . You would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house , plus a few people to take care of the gardens , and pro	I think his house is fantastic , but I wouldn 't want to live there . You would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house , plus a few people to take care of the gardens , and probably an au pair or two to take care of the children . It 's just too big of a place to take care of on your own .	I honestly don 't know .	I 'm just going to stay at PCC .
3	Do you think your country makes enough of an effort to use green energy?	Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation ?	Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation ?	I think that their attitude is rather casual .	No problem .	Fine . Here you go .
3	Do you try to do good deeds often?	I 'll report it honestly . I 'll give a correct analysis . I may quit the job - and pay compensation . But I have my way to judge whether I fail .	I 'm having dinner with my family	I want to go four times a week , but I 'm too lazy . Last week , I only went to workout once .	We like to get together , chat and enjoy beautiful music .	OK , let me tell you what we 've been doing . We 've been in touch with the Wales and Scottish Tourist development offices here in Taiwan and they 're interested in working with us to promote their regions to the youth segment . We 've decided to implement an advertising campaign focusing on the excitement of the activities in those regions .
3	Do you use any type of cloud storage?	I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos . Actually , I 'm quite familiar with both Java and C Programming Languages .	I can skillfully use Dos , Windows .	I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos . Actually , I 'm quite familiar with both Java and C + + Programming Languages .	I prefer going by train , even though it costs more .	I prefer going by train , ever though it costs more .
3	Do you want to travel in time?	Tomorrow .	I 'd like to pack my bags and leave tonight .	Oh , yes . I often went on business trips in the past six years .	How about tomorrow afternoon ?	How about this afternoon ?
3	do your parents had a favorite kid? do you have a favorite family member?	Of course . I have lots of best friends .	Not anymore . They live with my brother now . and yours ?	Not anymore . They live with my brother now . and yours ?	Two of my sisters still live at home , even though they have already graduated from university and have good jobs . They enjoy spending their free time with my parents . I guess in that respect , I 'm the black sheep of the family .	to be honest , no . I 'm always in search of new music to listen to .
3	Do you ever have times when they want to be alone?	Tomorrow morning .	Three days .	Call me tomorrow , and we 'll get started .	They need to be there at eleven in the morning .	You can do it right now , if you 'd like .
3	Does everyone in your immediate family have the same name?	It should be under Leslie Smith . The number is 184796 A .	I 'm sorry , Mr . Michael . Could you tell me where the problems are exactly ? Maybe I misunderstood the client 's intentions .	A copy or the original ? I guess you need the original , right ? OK , I 'll return shortly .	Yep . She 's always got a bun in the oven . She was pregnant before marriage-a real sin in the Catholic Church .	That 's true . If something happened to my husband , I might lose everything . Both of us have to work to keep our home , car , and our children 's education . I can 't afford that by myself .
3	Does your area deal with snowfall quickly?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	You are right . Do you have a pen ?	Oh , yes . The kids are too excited to wait . After we clean up the mess all the empty boxes and the wrapping paper we have a big breakfast . Then the kids have the whole day to play with their new toys .	Well , if you put it this way , I 'll have to comply . When shall we sign the contract , Mrs . Brown ?	Ok , I will take good care of it .
3	Does your country have any special customs or events to ring in a new year?	Yes , we have . I 've brought with me a list of the quantity of your products we 'd like to import for the second half of this year . Here is a copy of it .	No , certainly not . That 's a reasonable restriction .	We appreciate your good intention and your effort in pushing the sale of our slippers . As you know , the demand for this item in your market is quite substantial . However , according to our records , the total amount of your order last year was moderate , which does not warrant an agency appointment . Unless you increase the turnover we can hardly appoint you our sole agent .	What 's that ?	No , thanks .
3	Does your family have any special traditions for weddings?	Just about . There are at least a few hundred in our immediate family alone .	We have so Ay ! But my favorite happens at Christmas Eve .	We offer a complementary breakfast buffet and free parking .	You want to make sure it 's good solid habit before anything else takes its place , like work ?	Wow .
3	Did you ever say something that you later regretted?	For example , the message for the day before yesterday notified me that I , as a Leo guy , was to have some " unusual experience in food and drink . And as it turned out , the reality matched this prediction well . Lasi night , I was treated to a dinner party by Mr . Lee .	We went for a swim in the sea . That was the best part of the day . Just look at my nice tan .	Yes . I overheard your mom and my mom talking in the grocery store .	I went sky-diving !	We went for a swim in the sea . That was the biggest part of the day . Just look at my nice tan !
3	When was a time that you put all your eggs in one basket?	OK , here is your change .	I see . So if my little family goes to America , I would end up taking care of my child all the time . My husband would have to make the bread for us . I just don 't know how I would get some education and be able to get a job some day .	I see . So if my little family goes to America , I would end up taking care of my child all the time . My husband would have to make the bread for us . I just don 't know how I would get some education and be able to get a job some day .	I 'll do my best .	I 'll do my best .
3	Ever realize that song lyrics were deeper than you first thought?	Oh , no , it was a kind of pop art . I like it but I couldn 't do it that well .	I don 't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	I don 't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	You really think an artist or song writer is going to go through the trouble of putting subliminal or satanic messages in a song ? Don 't be so naive !	I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !
3	Everyone dreams about winning the lottery. What is your dream figure, and what do you do with it?	Yeah , you 're right . When it comes down to it , I can be pretty tacky .	Yeah , you 're right . When it comes down to it , I can be pretty tacky .	Yeah . Thanks for the talk .	Then what 's the difference between having a crush and falling in love ?	It sounds reasonable . Maybe I should look on the bright side .
3	For 24 hours you can trade bodies with any videogame character you want. Who do you choose?	Ok . What else ?	Great . I 'll wait right here , thanks .	Yes , I know . And next time I must make good preparations .	That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ?	Ok , thanks !
3	Did you ever not get offered a job you really wanted?	No , but she told me to telephone her next week .	Fine , just fine . And you ?	No , I didn 't . I was an english teacher for about five years , but by the time I was thirty , I decided I want a fresh challenge .	We came back the day before yesterday . I enjoyed myself there very much . The beach is beautiful . You should go there some day . The sun was lovely , too .	I signed up for it online .
3	Has there been any movie that has had a lasting impact on you?	What kind of movie is it ?	What kind of movie is it ?	I can 't agree more . that 's why I only do street shopping .	You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment .	Anne Hathaway is in a new movie called Becoming Jane which is based on a true story about Jane Austen .
3	Have you had to deal with the loss of a pet?	Your parents are not like that ?	Yes . I 've read it carefully .	We welcome good business . Anyhow , we know you must get tired by the flight , so we arrange a meeting tomorrow . Today you can have a good rest .	What 's your dreamhole like then ?	As long as you don 't treat it better than your wife , it 's fine .
3	When you have too much going on, any advice on how to refocus?	You mean on product availability , reliability and price ?	Oh , that 's right . You are supposed to deliver a brief on that account tomorrow . I know there are some things I need to share with you about that . But , gosh , I don 't know . Things are really busy for me today , the only time I can manage to squeeze out might be over lunch break .	Excuse me ?	Perhaps one year , I 'm not sure .	Yes , I 'm off again at the beginning of next week . I need to get some Traveller 's Cheques .
3	Have you been to a fine dining restaurant? What did you order?	Yes , I 'm hungry . What types of food sound good ?	Yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .	Well , thanks for your help .	As far as I can see , Westlake Restaurant is a good choice .	I don 't care as long as it 's a Chinese restaurant .
3	Have you ever "paid it forward"?	Because the earth 's environment can 't tolerate cars forever . I think cars are already causing global warming . When the problem gets more serious , world governments will have to start limiting car use .	I don 't know . Well , maybe , you 're right , but how am I going to tell her ?	Maybe you are right . Please take care of yourself when you make money . Anyway health is the most important thing .	That 's the point . Love among human beings is not limited by geography .	I don 't know . . Well , maybe you are right , but how am I gonna tell her ?
3	Have you ever been up in a hot air balloon?	Well , in that case , we can take you hang gliding with one of our experienced instructors . It 's the closest you can get to flying .	Well , in that case , we can take you hang gliding with one of our experienced instructors . It 's the closest you can get to flying .	All right , miss . This one is very hot . I 'll come to turn it off in fifteen minutes . Will that be alright ?	Well , that 's a good question . I haven 't swum for almost two years . I think I need more practice .	Don 't be scared . Bite the bullet and everything will be right again .
3	Have you ever been in a really bad airport?	Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .	Yes . How are you , Anna ?	Yes . How are you , Anna ?	Not long actually . So I 'm sure I will learn a lot from our cooperation .	Yes , I do . You can go to the Transport Department to get yourself a bus schedule and a bus route map .
3	Have you ever been in an area where using horns was forbidden?	Do you want to climb the mountain with us ?	do you think the glass ceiling phenomena is because of traditional social customs ? Or are there more issues coming into play ?	The Yellow Rock National Park .	No . Just let me see a doctor . I 'm worried about my arm .	Does the newspaper say anything about casualties ?
3	Have you ever been surprised by being able to do something challenging?	I 've just been working a lot .	Yes , lots of time . I was quite impressed by the wide variety of exhibitions they have .	I just started working out .	I just opened up my own business not long ago .	When I have a specific project to complete , I like to know the specifics of a project from beginning to end . I like definite deadlines and I like to meet those deadlines . I expect some deviation from the original plan , but I try to stay focused and not let myself drift too far . I have great attention to detail and like to take my time and do it right the first time .
3	Have you ever been vegetarian? What did or would you eat?	I managed to get a sandwich from a flight attendant . How about you ?	I managed to get a sandwich from a flight attendant . How about you ?	I had fried shrimp and clams for lunch .	I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch .	The cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice .
3	Have you ever crossed the international date line?	I 'm sorry to hear that . I 'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ?	Sure . The twenty-ninth is out . I 'll be out of the office all day at a seminar . Either the twenty-eighth or the thirtieth is fine .	We tried that , sir . The factory has gone under and the owner apparently has fled the country .	yeah , I 'm glad that we didn 't have to wait long . I 'm starving !	Yeah , I 'm glad that we didn 't have to wait long . I 'm starving !
3	Have you ever dated someone with a different nationality? Was it more difficult?	We have been on good terms . She is a very nice girl . But she got in Dutch with her boss . I don 't have the heart to see her pounding the pavements .	Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .	They 're people I met during the trip . That 's the ship we traveled on .	you 'll love that . It 's just a shot of espresso beans mixed with steam milk and some chocolate syrup .	No .
3	Do you think illegal downloading is a big problem?	Some grape juice would also be nice .	I have a horrible rash from poison oak .	Yes , I know . But I don 't mind working hard .	In tens and fifties , please .	I 've got to go .
3	Have you ever fantasized about changing your first name? To what?	This is our new brand . I can make sure our computer board is one of the best boards .	I tried to introduce myself to them when they moved in , but they were so arrogant that I didin 't want to ever talk to them again !	I don 't know what time it is . It must be about 6 o 'clock . I have to go now . I don 't want to be late .	I don 't know what time it is .	I would try to land a job in Beijing . I just want to go to one of the big cities .
3	Have you ever gone up to the top of a light house?	What 's your dreamhole like then ?	You can pick up your keys on Tuesday night . When you actually move in is up to you .	Sure .	sure .	Wow .
3	Have you ever gone without internet access for an extended period of time?	Great ! When can your technicians come to our factory ?	You are making me feel really discouraged .	I 'm not sure NASA has built any portable habitats for extended stays on Mars , but they have looked at various designs .	I 'm sorry to hear that . I 'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ?	Do I have to pay an installation fee ?
3	Has a misunderstanding ever caused someone to become angry with you?	Is what you said really true ?	But you know if he brought it or not , right ?	So the guest is presumed to be thirsty and in need of some drink after the trip . In that case , I guess , in return , the guest doesn 't have to drink it if he wouldn 't like it .	Exactly , I overheard a manager scold his employee in the elevator this morning , they were from the company on the 12th floor , I guess . They were only three of us in the elevator , I felt very embarrassed to be in the middle of them .	Yes .
3	Have you ever had a psychic reading? Did you believe it? Was it accurate?	Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .	Sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . They 're pretty satisfied with it .	sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . They 're pretty satisfied with it .	Yes . But you know him . He 's just worried that you 're not Italian .	I saw your green post-it notes . Nobody else has them .
3	Have you ever had an online relationship? As in purely online and never met?	Thank you for calling . I really appreciate your kindness . But right now , I 'm very busy preparing for an interview of another company . I don 't think I am available for this opportunity .	Not exactly , but I see your point .	Thank you for calling . I really appreciate your kindness . But right now , I 'm very busy preparing for an interview of another company . I don 't think I am available for this opportunity .	We started dating right away .	Yes , I 've been observing them .
3	Are you able to solve your own computer problems? 	I 'm going to cancel the fees you owe .	There was a time when both the clerical assistant and the secretary resigned at the same time . I then had to handle their work temporarily . The workload was incredibly heavy . So I started to set priorities for the jobs and hired part-time staff to handle routine work . Finally , I managed to keep the operation smooth until we found someone to fill the vacancy .	I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don 't play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using a computer program , you	I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don 't play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using c computer program , you can edit and resize photographs . You can also make them brighter or darker and cut pieces from different photographs to create new ones .	Mostly just to browse the Internet and send emails to friends .
3	Have you ever had something unexplainable happen to you? 	Nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close .	nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close .	Bring me an assorted cold dish , please .	I tried to introduce myself to them when they moved in , but they were so arrogant that I didin 't want to ever talk to them again !	It 's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
3	Have you ever had to explain something weird that bothers you to someone?	Bring me an assorted cold dish , please .	Yes . I overheard your mom and my mom talking in the grocery store .	I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions .	I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions .	Nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close .
3	Have you ever had to make a public apology? (How come?)	Kebabs and roast squid .	Well , it could be me too . But I am not too worried . This place is suffocating me with this boss being such a hard-ass and colleagues who barely know how to get dressed in the morning . It would almost be a blessing to be fired from this place .	I told him I would divorce him if he wouldn 't tell me the truth or end the relationship with her .	What we can do is to assign you a customer manager , that way you can just deal with him . You don 't need to deal with anyone else .	Sorry ma 'm , the only opening we have after lunch is one fifteen , but I might be able to work you in after 4 . would that be a better time ?
3	Have you ever heard the expression, "bad things come in threes"? What does it mean and do you believe it? 	The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .	The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .	You couldn 't be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .	It 's great ! Unfortunately , we 're going to spend a fortune doing everything up .	it 's great ! Unfortunately , we 're going to spend a fortune doing everything up .
3	Have you ever mourned the loss of somebody you never knew?	No , sir .	His name is Tony and we met my first night in Pathos . He works with my sister who lives there .	Yeah . Thanks for the talk .	How could you manage to pass the exam ?	I used to work as a teacher .
3	Have you ever reconnected with an old friend after a long period of time?	When you filled out your Continued Claim Form , did you show that income ?	Nothing exactly . She 's grown into a very attractive young lady .	That 's very sensible of you . We have many fresh graduates applying for credit cards , getting them and then going on a spending spree and being unable to meet the repayments .	About two month ago .	The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days .
3	Have you ever seen the writing of ancient civilizations?	I am , but there is too much material to cover . I 'll be writing forever , and Grant only wants five to seven pages .	Charles Dickens . Actually no one can parallel him in writing .	Of course ! Both children and adults enjoy her books .	OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .	Can I check this one out ?
3	Have you ever set two friends up on a date? (How did it go?)	Yeah ! I called him after I got home to arrange our next date , but unfortunately his grandma is sick so he has been busy every night visiting her in the hospital .	No . I didn 't even talk to her yet . But I think I 'm in love .	It is not your mother finding one for you ?	sure , that would be great .	Sure , that would be great .
3	Have you ever spent a long time away from someone you cared about?	It 's a skill . What can I say ? I don 't know why , I just have a long routine .	I know . I know !	I know . I know !	Ok . Let 's compromise . If you agree to only spend 75 on books , I 'll agree to only spend 40 for my next shirt .	It 's a skill . What can I say ? I don 't know why , I just have a long routine .
3	Have you ever subscribed to a streaming service?	Sony or some other brands ?	I 've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We 'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ?	There are all kinds of deposit services and also the calculations of the interest . It 's specific to different accounts and different circumstances .	Yes of course . We can activate all these services in about an hour .	Yes of course . We can activate all these services in about an hour .
3	What woudl you like to make if you had a 3d printer?	Sure , just send me through internal mail .	Sure , just send me through internal mail .	Well , we have a lot of models here . Did you want to listen to CD 's or cassettes or the radio ?	Sir , you can come downstairs right now to the computer lab .	No . I 'd like a slide , I have a new projector .
3	Have you ever won an award? What was it for?	I shared a prize with some friends last week . We won a bottle of whisky at a pub quiz .	I feel nervous when I face Nova .	I feel nervous when I face her . She looks so serious when we have a conversation all the time .	Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don 't think he won anything .
3	Have you guys ever lived in a country far away from your home? What was it like?	Very interesting . So it seems you had quite an adventurous childhood .	Yes . How are you , Anna ?	Yes . How are you , Anna ?	Very interesting . So it seems you had quite an adventurous childhood .	Yes , I suppose . It 's a dangerous thing if a fire starts when people are sleeping .
3	Have you ever used wifi in a plane?	No problem . Wish you a nice trip .	Here 's my card .	May I see your ticket , please ?	Yes . We are a foreign-invested company and there are many chances to go abroad .	Here you are . You look younger in yellow .
3	Did you encounter anything this week that was inspiring?	Well , a lot of the games were pretty silly . I don 't know how much it helped us to be a better team , but i think everyone had a good time .	It 's a long story . In a word , I didn 't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .	Let me see . Yes , that 's it . Where did you find it ?	Let me see . Yes , that 's it . Where did you find it ?	I 'd be glad to , sir . But may I ask what line of business you are in ?
3	When is a time that you sought the opinions of others before making a decision?	Yeah , after receiving my yearly bouns , I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market . I 've been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I still haven 't received a pay rise . It 's unfair .	yeah , after receiving my yearly bouns , I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market . I 've been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I still haven 't received	Yeah , that 's very important .	Sounds good . Everyone is taking about teams these days . Can you describe your role as a member of a sales team ?	Cinct de mayo ?
3	When is a time that you felt useless and what did you do about it?	I 'll take care of the order .	I guess I 'll have to buy a new alarm clock .	You mean on product availability , reliability and price ?	I fixed a big problem with a machine and saved a lot of money for the factory . I got bonus for it .	I 'd like the roast chicken , please .
3	Did you go to graduate school? Would you want to go back to school again if you could?	I 'm not sure .	I really don 't know .	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	Yeah , I went . Did you go ?	Of course . Did you ?
3	How can every help the environment?	If you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy .	if you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy .	if you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy .	Our Investment Financing Service will help you choose where to put your funds and look at both the pros and cons of each .	Don 't worry , you 'll find a way .
3	How can you make someones day when they are really far away?	No , but I am sure it won 't take more than an hour .	I have no plans on cooking tonight .	I have confidence in them .	I have confidence in them .	It takes about 3 minutes per person , so it 'll probably be about an hour 's wait .
3	How can we make society more fair?	I have an appointment .	Alright . I get your point .	As much as we can .	I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan of action , but I doubt it 'll happen before it 's too late .	I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan for action , but I doubt it 'll happen before it 's too late .
3	How can you take your mind off of something or someone?	Great , because I am really mad at William . I mean , what kind of an idiot wouldn 't be able to appreciate a smart , beautiful woman like me ? Anybody who would be friends with that guy has to be really dumb .	Another one ? I don 't want another one . Give me something simple . You 've got steak , right ?	No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here .	I think I 'm polite , careful , relaxed and shy .	I think I 'm polite , careful , relaxed and shy .
3	If you were going to make a video to post online, what would it be about? 	I often do , but I 'm worried about the responses from other people .	that 's a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?	Let 's rock n 'roll .	Let 's rock n 'roll .	that 's fine . Do I get over-time for any extra hours that I work ?
3	What is something that you do regularly that is a waste of time?	No , madam . Not very much .	I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator .	I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator .	I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator .	You can get dressed as soon as the film is processed . We will be all done here .
3	What do you do when you have to tell someone "no" when they ask a favor?	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	Yes ! Yes ! I want to take you to dinner .	I 'd call him and dump him now ! You deserve better than him !	Because the earth 's environment can 't tolerate cars forever . I think cars are already causing global warming . When the problem gets more serious , world governments will have to start limiting car use .
3	How do you go about making difficult decisions? What steps do you follow?	I have a lot of work in the office and a lot of chores in the house . How I envy you , Robin !	I will cancel the fees you owe .	Well , from experience we can predict the lifespan of different components . We try to replace components before they fail or wear out . This prevents the equipment from breaking down . It also saves us a lot of trouble !	I 'll just use the ATM .	I don 't know . I 've got mixed feelings about it . On the one hand , I really want to end it with him , but on the other hand , I don 't want to be without him .
3	What do you do if you meet panhandlers or beggars in the street?	I never really give them money because I don 't want to contribute to their addictions .	Sometimes we 'll see them , they 'll have like sort of conventions of reunions of the pets so , yeah , you get to see them once in awhile .	No , I don 't know what the curb colors mean .	Yes , but it 's quite a ways .	Yes , but it 's quite a ways .
3	How do you handle easily offended people? Are you easily offended?	No , I know how to control my temper .	Yes , in most circumstances . Are you available for business travel ?	Yes , in most circumstances .	I usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused my anger .	Silence is golden . Just don 't say anything ; otherwise the situation could become worse . I do , however , accept constructive criticism .
3	How do you keep a conversation going when the other person invovled isnt very talkative?	Firstly , we can provide our meeting agenda before he comes . And then on the day when he is coming , we wait for him at the gate of our company 's gate .	Ha ha . I know what you mean . But it 's just a movie . They need for the characters to do that .	Do you have any friend you would call really close ones ?	That 's so true . It 's great that we see eye to eye on this .	What kind of people do you like to work with ?
3	How do you handle self-critical voices?	That depends a bit on the problem at hand . There are certain situations in which a manager can give a general directive , and expect his employees to know how to take the initiative on the detail	Silence is golden . Just don 't say anything ; otherwise the situation could become worse . I do , however , accept constructive criticism .	Definitely . It not only keeps me fit but also helps me concentrate on my soul .	Oh no . My family supports me . And believe me , changing foreign money into dollars is heart-breaking . You seem to get so little in return .	Well , I know how to turn it off !
3	How do you think being a celebrity could be a bad thing?	I believe that this job would allow me to move up but might be a little boring for me .	It seems like a good idea but I am not really sure .	I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions .	I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions .	Yes , I do .
3	How do you think the first passengers on the first passenger flight felt during take off?	Yes . You are reconfirmed on Flight No . 125 for Zhenjiang , leaving Beijing at 2:00 p . m . on January 15th .	Turbulence is pretty normal , isn 't it ?	turbulence is pretty normal , isn 't it ?	Yes , I understand .	The flight will get you there at six Sunday morning .
3	How has cloud storage changed our lives?	Hopefully signing up for this Network Settlement Service will solve all of that . If you are sure , we can go ahead now , Sir . How does 10 am tomorrow sound , to get all of the paperwork out of the way ?	I 'll go get the check , since our server doesn 't seem to be headed this way .	Cinct de mayo ?	Cinct de mayo ?	Probably . The new owners will be coming to start alignment meetings nextweek . One of the big question is what to call the new conglomerate company .
3	How has social media changed your life?	I think it had direct impact on my way of thinking . I learned to look at people and things from an overall perspective . In that case , I am not easy to be edgy .	I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets .	I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets .	We 've been able to survey and track some of the information of our website users through some cookie technology , and it 's surprising to see the results .	We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp 's .
3	How important are morals in a healthy society? What are the most important morals for citizens to have?	I 'm sure there 'll be canned ! And there also might be some legal consequences .	Cinct de mayo ?	Cinct de mayo ?	I have no idea .	Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation ?
3	How many apps do you have on your phone? Do you use them all regularly?	Let me give you some brochures to look over .	Study English .	Study English .	Study English .	I 've got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs .
3	How many different alphabets do you think there are in the world?	I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan of action , but I doubt it 'll happen before it 's too late .	I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan for action , but I doubt it 'll happen before it 's too late .	What do you mean ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?	Yeah , let me think , the kangaroo and koala bear from Australia are very famous .
3	How much do you think you spend on groceries in an average month?	Twice a week for work and once for shopping .	Twice a week for work and once for shopping .	My date is quite sophisticated . She would expect nothing less than the best .	I 'm renting this apartment out for $ 1050 a month .	Thank you , Mr . Brown . I really appreciate your assistance .
3	How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?	We 'll have rice dumplings . What 's more , there are also dragon boat matches in some places of southern China .	Some routine job . Files , documents , faxes and so on .	Give me one more day .	There you go . How do you like it ?	A quarter past five .
3	How often do you buy new clothes? Do you enjoy shopping for them?	Ah , that 's all part of the fun . What do you think of these shorts ?	There isn 't a lot , why , do you have a large load to wash ?	I 'd like to buy 1 000 shares of Duson .	Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .	Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .
3	How often do you think about quitting your job and what would you do if you did?	People are supposed to work hard within regular work time , especially when it is an important work that is highly paid for . I don 't mind work over spare time if it is paid for .	My major is Automobile Designing and I have received my master 's degree in science . I think I can do it well .	I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested . What 's more , your company is outstanding in this field .	I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested . What 's more , your company is outstanding in this field .	After I have 3-4 years of work experience .
3	How should success be measured? By that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?	Maybe it is right since everything is possible . You know the market changes quickly these days . But I still have doubted those funds with bad stock performance . For me , his stock record is the very important criteria to decide which to buy . I really want to decrease the risk reach the minimum and achieve the maximum returns .	It 's a great place to work . They give you fair pay and benefits , and a lot of room to grow . I think if they off you a job , you should definitely take it .	Is what you said really true ?	Just as Forrest ?	To sell yourself successfully , you should leave the interviewer a deep impression .
3	How would you live your life if money was not an issue?	I thought I would feel like I was in the lap of Luxury .	That 's true . If something happened to my husband , I might lose everything . Both of us have to work to keep our home , car , and our children 's education . I can 't afford that by myself .	Yes . Don 't eat onions or garlic before you come . If you do you 'll have bad breath .	OK , I understand , but what else could we do ?	Just transfer it over to my remaining account .
3	What would happen if you deleted all of your social media accounts? 	To run a successful internet business , it requires a little research and relatively small investment . You 've got to have a good idea of some kind of product that is in demand or would be popular .	yes . What 's the maximum amount that you are allowed to have in an overdraft ?	Yes . What 's the maximum amount that you are allowed to have in an overdraft ?	Business please . And I want the most simple one you have .	Could you please transfer that money to my remaining account ?
3	What is one of your favorite topics to talk about with your friends? 	My favorite is to play computer games .	my absolute favorite is ice hockey .	You got me on that one .	Is he beating Mark 's time ?	Of course , I designed a more powerful gasoline engine , which greatly increased the speed of limousines .
3	Have you ever grown vegetables? If not, what would you like to try growing? 	Oh , spinach , I think .	As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work .	It 's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .	What about 15 yuan ?	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .
3	I hate working out more than anything. What do you do to make yourself enjoy exercise?	I used to buy lunch every day from the International food stall at school . Every day was an adventure !	What do you mean by that ?	Not at all . Go ahead .	Not at all . Go ahead .	They 're only three thousand yuan .
3	Can you recommend a good book to me? 	Yes , they are all on the shelf .	Certainly . Realplayer is a good .	Sure . It 's the latest .	Certainly , sir . What kind of flowers would you like ?	Of course yes .
3	What makes your city the best? How would you convince someone to move or visit there?	Sure , I advise the sightseeing buses .	Well , I just want to enjoy what I 'm doing . it 's the most important thing to me .	Well , I just want to enjoy what I 'm doing it 's the most important thing to me .	All right , sir . I 'll have someone to take you there . By the way , is he insured ?	If you can , could you pick up my prescription for me ?
3	What were your experiences at your first job like?	I think my greatest accomplishment has been acquiring the Hans account .	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	We have a team to make itineraries of the tour , evaluate the value of it for one tourist and recommend the routine for different tourists .	Well , I got $ 3 , 000 per month .	Yes , I 'd like to know if the company provides opportunities for further education .
3	Do you enjoy cooking? What can you make the best? 	Quite good . It was the most wonderful dinner I have ever had .	I want some exciting . Which is more fun , the roller coaster or the ferris wheel ?	I haven 't the slightest clue what I 'm going to make .	I think I might like some Chinese food .	I don 't like it very much . But every-body likes their own food best .
3	What are some things you are scared of? 	well , sometimes I get scared when I 'm in my apartment all by myself .	I want to get some pie .	I have no idea what I want .	I only want some chips .	I don 't have any idea what to cook .
3	If an alien came to Earth, what do you think it would think about our technology?	As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work .	You mean on product availability , reliability and price ?	Our dress and grooming are probably the first thing an interviewer judges us by .	it 's great ! Unfortunately , we 're going to spend a fortune doing everything up .	It 's great ! Unfortunately , we 're going to spend a fortune doing everything up .
3	If you could interview one deceased person, who would you choose? 	To be frank , I was married once , and now I 'm single .	To be frank , I was married once , and now I 'm single .	I would select the individual that has the most qualifications among all the applicants . He doesn 't have to be the person if we have to fill the vacancy . But he has to be the best , even if we have to pay him higher .	No , I didn 't . I started working at a university in London but as time went by , I found I did not really like my job . I decided to explore other fields . Journalism is great fit for me as well as a challenge .	I 've thought about that a lot . I know that many women take a job , planning to make a career of it , and then they change their mind . But I am hoping to make it my lifetime work . So if I get married , I will find some ways that I can continue my work .
3	If one species on Earth could learn to talk, which animal would you choose?	We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .	We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .	I like the red one . What do they eat ?	How many hours would I work a day and what 's the pay ?	that 's fine . Do I get over-time for any extra hours that I work ?
3	When something is bothering you what do you do to help you not dwell on it?	Please don 't be nosey .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don 't do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .	Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to , so that I can relieve my stress .	First , we 're going to change the curtains , then we 're going to paint the walls .
3	If you are good at something, is it your duty to help others that need help with that something?	No , no . It was just the wrong size .	Does your husband feel the same ?	I picked up some poison oak while hiking , and I can 't stop itching .	Ok . What else ?	I 've been fed up with study .
3	If you can link me one song to convince me to like your favourite band... what would it be?	I am not being all that particular right now because I just need to keep a roof over my head .	Do you mean the exquisite golden necklace ?	How about 7 o 'clock ?	Yes , I 'd love to . Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven . It 's on the Festival Hall . Shall we go there ?	Yes , I 'd love to . Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven . It 's on the Festival Hall .
3	If you can time travel then who is that one person you want to meet?	I think the best way I can do is to reduce our price by 2 % and I should think we could conclude a deal at $ 98 .	I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .	I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .	Thanks a lot . That 's the favor I was going to ask you for .	Yes . Is that necessary ?
3	If you had to live as an animal, what kind of animal would you want to be? 	I am a student and want to live in Haitian , so that I can live close to my school . I like to play soccer and I like a quiet apartment so I can study .	We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .	We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .	that 's fine . Do I get over-time for any extra hours that I work ?	You 're right . I 'm being crazy ! Ok , I 'm ready , let 's do this !
3	If you could change 3 things about your life, what would it be?	You mean on product availability , reliability and price ?	Yes , of course . I am going to have my appendix removed .	You couldn 't be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .	What about 15 yuan ?	You couldn 't be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .
3	If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?	Everything I need is on the list .	My bad . I didn 't realize that it was so late .	What about 15 yuan ?	Do you want to go out to eat ?	Bring me an assorted cold dish , please .
3	If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?	I 'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9	perhaps we could go to the library festival that 's going on at the local bookshop .	Perhaps we could go to the library festival that 's going on at the local bookshop .	No , I don 't know where the bookstore is .	Yes , I know where the bookstore is .
3	If you could go out to eat any meal you wanted, for free, where would you go?	Yeah , I can 't cook anything until tomorrow , anyway .	Yeah , I can 't cook anything until tomorrow , anyway . Let 's go to the restaurant nearby . It 's my treat .	Another one ? I don 't want another one . Give me something simple . You 've got steak , right ?	Can you tell me where your wine list is ?	I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .
3	If you could have 3 wishes, what would you wish for? And why?	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .	Yes , I intend to go to university . That 'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .	I 'll have to look . What do you want it for ?	I 'm a tourist in this city and unfortunately I 've lost my card !	I can 't figure out why my paycheck this week is smaller than last week 's .
3	If you could have personally witnessed anything, what would you want to have seen?	Bring me an assorted cold dish , please .	Please give me a piece of pie first .	Well , I quit breakfast , so I had a rich brunch . I feel like having something mild for dinner	As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work .	I 'm not going to be able to vote this Tuesday .
3	If you could have tea with one fictional character, who would it be?	So the guest is presumed to be thirsty and in need of some drink after the trip . In that case , I guess , in return , the guest doesn 't have to drink it if he wouldn 't like it .	Do you think though that . that in .  .  . in a sense television skilled people 's own er . sort of , creativity or their ability entertain themselves because if they 're bored all they do is justturn on the television ?	I read it myself on the financial page . They 're really going to join together . U-Tunes was bought out by Murphy 's , they will take over the company as of next month .	Ok , thanks , David . You 've helped me a lot .	do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?
3	If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?	Well , I just want to enjoy what I 'm doing . it 's the most important thing to me .	Well , I just want to enjoy what I 'm doing it 's the most important thing to me .	A teacher .	I am not being all that particular right now because I just need to keep a roof over my head .	Our dress and grooming are probably the first thing an interviewer judges us by .
3	If you could live anywhere on Earth, where would you go?	I don 't know . I don 't mind coming out here for a while , but that will get old pretty soon .	Perhaps we could go to the library festival that 's going on at the local bookshop .	perhaps we could go to the library festival that 's going on at the local bookshop .	I like Brisbane . I had my teenage years in Brisbane , growing up in Brisbane , um or maybe Sidney because it is a big city , but Brisbane has got the gold coast and the sunshine .	Yes , I know where the bookstore is .
3	If you could master any instrument on Earth instantly, what would it be?	that 's fine . Do I get over-time for any extra hours that I work ?	Please bring it to me on the rocks .	Wow , that sounds pretty safe . So how do you pay ? Do you need a credit card ?	Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner !	I don 't think so . As the saying goes , A great oak needs deep roots . I 'm really interested in this job .
3	If you could pick one skill to be great at, what will it be and why?	Ok , thanks , David . You 've helped me a lot .	We could spend most of the day looking at houses to see all that we have to see .	How about seven o 'clock ?	Teamwork is ok to me , and I hope the team will be complementary in personality .	Thanks , but actually I was hoping I could ask you to write my biography .
3	if you could play one sport professionally, which one would you choose?	I would now like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer .	Actually , I am afraid I will be stuck in the job forever , if I choose a bad one .	Ok , thanks , David . You 've helped me a lot .	I am a student and want to live in Haitian , so that I can live close to my school . I like to play soccer and I like a quiet apartment so I can study .	I think that I would like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer .
3	If you could say something to your favorite celebrity who would it be and what would you say?	No , I didn 't . What else should I keep in mind ?	Bring me an assorted cold dish , please .	Please give me a piece of pie first .	Well , I quit breakfast , so I had a rich brunch . I feel like having something mild for dinner	I saw the weather report , and it 's going to rain for the next eight days .
3	If you could, would you have your brain put in a robot body?	That is my work , i will try it .	Next month . So I can either move out then or renew my contract for another year .	Yes . I suppose it 's best to stop .	Here 's my card .	Oh , yes , is it dangerous ?
3	Is it possible to nicely tell someone you hate spending time with them?	I don 't know . I am not really worried about that . I don 't wanna lose before even starting . Besides I think the other two American guys have also fallen for her .	I don 't know . I am not really worried about that . I don 't wanna lose before even starting . Besides I think the other two American guys have also fallen for her .	Certainly , as long as you don 't tell my wife .	No , I think that 's all that I need .	It 's hard to say . I mean , how can you judge what 's good for them ? Maybe it is best to tell them the truth no matter what it is .
3	Is it rude to return a gift you kinda want for something you really want?	No , I think that 's all that I need .	I 'll use my VISA .	If I told her that , she would faint and have me committed !	If I told her that , she would faint and have me committed !	Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too .
3	Is public transportation in your area convenient? How could it be better?	I think that the public transport system could be made simpler . I never know where the bus routes actually go . The routes seem to twist and turn rather than going roughly in a straight line .	Yes , I have seen those spots .	He didn 't buy it . His grandfather died recently and left him loads of money .	That 's true . What kind of safety features are we talking about ?	The waterfront location .
3	Is there something out there that disgusts you? What is it?	It 's a big room with a king-size double bed and two single beds . We could also add rollaways .	You gotta help me out this time , buddy .	Tomato and rice . Have you had that before ?	Aah ! Close your eyes . You aren 't supposed to see this .	My friends in business circles all seem to be of the opinion that the U . S . import and export corporations have become more flexible in doing business recently .
3	Is there something in the world that you want to change? 	A teacher .	I want a bedroom with full bath , and it 'll be better if the bedroom is on the sunny side .	I want a bedroom with full bath , and it 'll be better if the bedroom is on the sunny side .	Yes , the Perrier and the Jim Beam hit the spot . Let me have three more of each .	everything has been fine for the past several months .
3	Is your culture represented well in other countries? Does it have a special distry or "town"? (China town, Korean town, etc.)	Actually not at present . But we are afraid it will . You know policies influence business to some extent . I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists . China is really a large market . We don 't want to lose it .	I like to read Fortune .	That sounds good . How much is the tour ?	Does the article say anything about other language ? How will they survive in an English-speaking world ?	I 'm not exactly prepared right now . How about I go back to the office , get the relevant information and come back before closing ?
3	Is your life the way you thought it would be 5 years ago?	I 'm taking two weeks now . but I want to save the other week and take it sometime during the winter .	In five years , I 'd like to be a senior manager of this corporation .	In five years , I 'd like to be a senior manager of this corporation .	No problem .	Mary said Jack was cheating on her . Jack was seeing a girl from his hometown . One day , Mary saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately .
3	Is there anybody in your life that is overdue for a phone call?	Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 .	Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 .	it 's not that bad . It kind of feels like I 'm on vacation , not having to answer my phone all the time !	Absolutely .	I want to do something tomorrow with you .
3	What do you have to brag about this week?	I 'm going to the movie theater with my friend . What are you going to do ?	I will cancel the fees you owe .	That 's not the problem I care about . You can decide on my capacity and experience .	Sure .	sure .
3	What do you think is the coolest thing about you? Is it a very unique trait of yours?	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can 't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can 't live alt by himself , I think . A friend in need is a friend indeed . So the more really close friends I have , the better .	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can 't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .	For me , this would be having good relationships with my family members . My family has always been very close knit , and we still spend a lot of time together .	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can 't live all by himself . A friend in need is a friend indeed . So the more really close friends I have , the happier I am .
3	What kind of videos do you like to watch online? Why do you like them? 	What are my options ?	Of course . I often go to the movies .	I like the plot . It 's so full of twists and turns . I also like the main character . She is so humorous and smart .	Study English .	Study English .
3	What do you do at work when things aren't busy? 	I 'm going to help him .	I don 't have the day off . Our labor union is staging a nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week .	Some routine job . Files , documents , faxes and so on .	We 're going to put in some new furniture .	We 're going to put in some new furniture .
3	How do you get motivated and stay that way without losing focus?	No . Not now . I think I 'll try to keep this one .	That 's all right . But could you tell me how often and how many hours I should work overtime ?	Have fun ! I plan to spend some more time with my grandkids , and I might even go back to school .	Each of the runners that participated the marathon race paid a ten dollar entrance fee . Also , they went door to door to get sponsors who pledged a dollar per mile that participants ran . All in all we were able to raise several thousand dollars .	Ok . What else ?
3	What is the best gift you have ever gotten on a holiday or for your birthday? 	Wow .	my friend and her fiance had a really good idea . They have cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook . The picture are of things they want . People sign their name b	No , not really . I 'm completely at a loss .	No , not really . I 'm completely at a loss .	My friend and her fiance had a really good idea . They have cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook . The picture are of things they want . People sign their name by the item they will buy .
