1	How are you?	tiredwould you rather fall off a bridge or jump off a cliff?	I'm well.. How are you?	Pretty good. Yourself?	Not bad.. Pretty busy.	I'm alright, sorry I was in class ''
1	What's your hobby?	Watching youtubers.	I draw or sketch.	Flying airplanes.	Basketball, tennis, and cycling.. I love all of them but basketball is my real passion.	I play guitar a lot.
1	What's your name?	Ana	David	Kris !  Kristin	Amber ! 	Indea, or Indy for short
1	Did you have lunch? 	Fried egg on toast with swiss cheese and roast beef on top	nothing.	Nothing yet,  it's only 943am	Indian food.	School Lunch.. yay..
1	Do you enjoy flying?	Yeah, it's fun.	Some years.	Currently a beech 1900. Working on my 737 type rating.	Yes, very much for..  We have a great team and great ownership.	Playing video games, I guess.
1	Do you ever gamble?	My dad and I turned 250 into around 40 one night playing craps.	I don't recall seeing this commercial. but I feel like I should have?	BabyMetal is awesome, Megitsune is my jam.	Hell. yeah,	Piano.. I've played for quite a while as well.
1	Do you recycle well?	uh.. I am not at liberty to say	no	Slack.dastard?	I try to only reuse my own.. I'm not very good at it, though.	I have to study for a major test I have tomorrow
1	How are you doing?	Not feeling great to be honest.. Hope you're doing alright yourself.	Up and down.. Work is stressful but the weekend was super good and next weekend will be too.	Well enough thanks.. Nope, just passing some time before bed.	I'm feeling pretty good ! . I have the next two days off	Happy, bit fighting a migraine.
1	How are you today?	Just got into work..  Happy Friday everyone ! 	I am great ! . Waiting on breakfast to finish up.	Been awake for about 18 hours because I can never sleep.. But I feel great.	Just woke up and I'll start reading soon	Alright.. Feeling a bit under the weather.
1	How's the weather today?	Ottawa here.. Cool, but FINALLY starting to warm up.	Rather sunny in London .. FOR ONCE.	Wet.	Cloudy and gloomy.	Sunny, hot Texas weather.
1	What is your dream?	I dream of being able to travel freely around the world and know a lot of languages.. Do you like beer and chocolate?	Lucid dreaming of any kind is the best dreaming you'll ever have	My favorite dream.. There was a sunny park.	My crush and I were sitting at a table eating breakfast and she rested her head on my chest.. It was a good feeling	Teenage Dream
1	Do you ever insult people?	"Read a book dude."	Jesus because of my awesome, long and brown hair ! 	I assume that some people would remember me as that quiet guy.	a nice weird lady	Not just a word but a phrase.. "I digress.
1	Do you get sick often?	I such it up and continue to work.. Unless it's serious.	I usually watch series or movies, be alone and rest in the bed	If it was just a cold, then my parents would still send me to school.. Now when I get a cold, I just sleep all day.	Watch "Price is Right" then Netflix binge.. If sick the following day, repeat	Usually twice a week.. Or whenever I need to compose away from home.
1	Do you like drinking wine?	I like drinking beer with my friends because of the social value.. It's a nice thing to sit together, talk about random stuff and have fun, with a beer in hand.	Of course ! . I'm lying	WHAT?	Grant's	Big fan of Honduran coffee made in a French press
1	Do you like winter weather?	I love cold weather ! . Skiing and wearing warm clothes and playing in the snow are awesome.	No me gusta.	Winter, I don't burn to a crisp.	Winter	Summer.. Because tshirts and shorts.
1	Do you often get mail?	On foot. '	I wish.. Its a newfoundland.	Usually twice a week.. Or whenever I need to compose away from home.	They come from vachina.	I do, but because I have to, not because I want to
1	How are you feeling today?	It's drinking day ! . D	Pretty good, passed a test I was sure I was going to fail.	I feel sick and tired today, but I'm happy	Medium.. It's strange.	Terrible.. I am so so so sick.
1	How fast can you type?	78, English	80 WPM	I got 118	96 WPM	On mobile right now, but generally fairly fast.
1	what day is it today? 	I have class tomorrow and I can't wait ! 	Last day of vacation before I go back to work tmrrw .. Kind of depressing, but oh well.	Pretty good ! . My Colts are winning.	I'm doing fine and i'd love to talk ! . How are you doing?	SUN ! . I SEE SUN!
1	What did you do today?	Just some calligraphy practice	eat, sleep and sleep some more.	I'm working, then volunteering at night, and then working again tomorrow all in the same place.	Got my first tattoo.	Literally nothing haha.. I feel so lazy.
1	What is your ethnic background?	1. US2.. US3.	Murican  In the deep southOhioScotsIrishGerman	1. USA2.. USA3.	1. Aus2.. Aus3.	1. China2.. Canada3. Chinese
1	What is your favorite color?	Royal Blue.. Why?	Green~ Because the green SPD Power Ranger is awesome.	Dark blue	Blue, I don't know why I just like it	Wine red.. When I wear it, I feel cute and cozy and warm.
1	What is your favorite fruit?	Mango	Oh man.. I don't know where to start but.if	Strawberries.. Fresh picked from the field.	I think about my ranking of top fruits a lot.. Number one is mango.	Prickly pear fruit so yummy.
1	What is your favorite meal?	Probably Indian curry and rice.. I love spicy food ! 	I like pasta with meat as well ! . My favorite meal is lasagne.	Pizza, always pizza.. Thin pizza, fat pizza.	Chelo kabab.	Breaded pork chops.. When I was very young, we didn't have a lot of money.
1	What is your favorite movie?	I cant decide between, Into the wild or interstellar !  Yours?	Catch me if you can, yours?	Battlefield Earth..  Always thought it was a comedy.	Troll 2.. So bad it's good.	Shoot em Up.. I always recommend it so everyone can suffer.
1	What is your favorite sport?	Love playing and watching soccer.. Huge Arsenal fan.	HOCKEYVANCOUVER CANUCKSCOCONUTS GLOW	If you consider Boarding Wake, Skate, Long, Snow,Surf, etc as a sport, then Longboarding	THE COLUMBUS BLUE JACKETS.	Olympic judoJAPAN
1	Are you afraid of the dark?	Not really.. I think dark as a friend.	Yes.. I refuse to be in the dark alone without some form of light.	Oh dear God. yes.	Yes.. Yes, yea, yes.	Afraid of what?
1	Can you stand on your head?	PageKennedy's vine 	Currently laying on my back on my phone.at some point it will happen.	i try to lay on my stomach for this reason	Did it with my iPad Air.. Lucky I didn't chip a tooth.	iPad.
1	Did you eat a snack today?	2 spicy chicken sandwiches	It is 20 to noon, so I will likely have a Pie and soft drink for lunch.	Morphine ! !Pizza sounds good.	Taco bell nachos	I made a fish sandwich with fishsticks..
1	Do you have a favorite food?	Paul.	Love it, made some pulled chicken last night and it was delicious.	I can't say I enjoy it really. but I don't hate it.	This is just a school hockey game, but still fun none the less!	A local joint in my town.
1	Do you have a middle name?	Claire.	Why ? 	I actually like my middle name ! . It's Joy.	Because it was almost my first name.	I actually go by my middle name it's my first name that I don't like.
1	Do you have a strong memory?	I do ! . With voices especially.	Bad memory.. I'm 18.	I say go for it ! . I tend to write everything down.	Basically every memory I have.	7th grade.
1	Do you know any sign language? 	Dover den?	I speak English and spanish and I am trying to learn German right now	I speak spanish and english.. What language do think is the hardest?	I know my sign ! . I thought it was super awesome to read about astrology when I was high school.	I know my sign Pieces but that's about it and I don't read much into it.
1	Do you know your blood type?	I can do the threeleaf clover tongue thing.	I can. roll my tongue ! . p	My fingers are pretty flexible.	I can put one leg behind my head while standing on the other.	I can lick the tip of my nose.
1	Do you like to follow fashion?	I can make monster pancakes	Stories..  I like to write stories.	However he is comfortable.	Not much, I don't do a lot other than play video games or DampD	Um.. Kickboxing
1	Do you think water is expensive?	Hot or cold?	Mostly equipment and travel costs.	Oh this and that.	As of right now, I don't believe I could be doing much else since I'm in high school.	Probably around a litre
1	How can every help the environment?	It can be something simple like give money to a homeless person.	Give blood ! 	Volunteer in the community	I like you.. To cleaning I go ! 	I'm 129lbs at 5'8".. Goal is 120.
1	How many people in your family?	5	3, how about you?	375,0 Beach, movies, and walk around.	Just over a 1800 here in this small town in Minnesota.	Small city of about 25k.
1	What are you up to today?	School, working, studying.. Might start some kinetic typography tonight if I have time	Well there's work.. I'll probably get lunch soon.	Just made breakfast.. About to dig in.	I am working until 300.. After that I should clean a bit, do some homework, and go to the gym.	I called in sick this morning.. Loose bowels and fever.
1	What did you eat for lunch?	mozzarella sticks with hot sauce, and chocolate milk.	Taco bell nachos	It is 20 to noon, so I will likely have a Pie and soft drink for lunch.	2 spicy chicken sandwiches	Morphine ! !Pizza sounds good.
1	What did you have for breakfast?	Coffee.. Mountains of coffee.	Tacos..  From Taco Bell.	Plain oatmeal with a tablespoon of jam	Bane, is that you?	Zone Perfect Kidz bar.
1	What do you do for fun?	Fap	i sleep for fun. but.. i wouldnt recommend that as a date idea.	MUSUSIC	hang with friends	I like to go out and take pictures of what ever I find to be interesting.
1	What is your favorite breakfast food?	Crepes.. With lemon and sugar.	Eggs and toast !   Usually with a banana too..  I love it	Cheese.	Brisket with beans.. How about you?	Probably cashews..  I don't really snack, though.
1	What is your favorite movie series?	I cant decide between, Into the wild or interstellar !  Yours?	Catch me if you can, yours?	Battlefield Earth..  Always thought it was a comedy.	Troll 2.. So bad it's good.	The Fifth Element.. Terrible scifi that I absolutely love watching.
1	Who is your hero and why?	Chevy Chase	I can be your hero baby.	My mom	My brother. 	The flash.. I always liked him because he had a great personality
1	Did you ever swim in a race?	It's always time for a swim.	I have won a race or two, yes.. But I wouldn't say I'm a big deal.	I don't.. I've never thought of it	Just start calling me Professor Pat Pending.	No, I didn't catch public transport today or go into the city.
1	Do you drink enough water every day?	Not enough  ! 	Probably around a litre	I only drink like 3or4 pints a day	i drink about 250ml every 1 hour.	I drink probably 3 litres or more.
1	Do you ever listen to rock music?	Not really any genre.. But punk I guess.	Good music.. Usually Classic RockMetal.	makes my life worth	I mainly only listen to music when I work, keeps out distracting background conversation.	Music seems to the pain, seems to cultivate the brain.
1	Do you have a good sleep schedule?	Yes, mine.. I work 3 shifts.	I feel like I tell people that I work night shift a lot.. But yeah, night shift.	Trucker here.. You have no idea.	I shouldn't be up for a couple more hours yet.. See, this is my first night back to work.	Yeah, good stuff met some cool people.
1	Do you have a routine sleeping position?	Grab a cup of green tea, get in bed and read my Kindle.	I listen to asmr videos to relax before sleeping.	Reading creepypasta or listening to a creepypasta reading.	Is how far back I go in time correlated with how long I sleep??	I sleep everywhere.. Both sides and stomach.
1	Do you have a social media page?	Virtual representations of ourselves maybe?	I sometimes wonder about this as well.. And it's very very hard to imagine the future of social media.	I think that unless some cool new fetures will be made it will look pretty much the same.	Because I don't want to compare my life with anyone else.	But Facebook is already doing that.. So yeah buying it is a fast way for this mission.
1	Do you prefer hot or cold weather?	Cold	I love cold weather.. Anytime I get to wear jackets is a good time.	Dry heat is the best.. Humidity is terrible.	Cold.. I run naturally hotblooded as it is, and I hate the heat.	I prefer the cold.. I like warm clothes but I don't have any right now because I lost some weight.
1	Do you think you are very social? 	Thank you ! . You are awesome as well.	I drink alone, quite often.. Not that I'm depressed or have no one to drink with ! 	I theme park alone constantly.. Travel alone.	Going to concerts is always more fun alone.	Going to a theme park, and seeing a movie in the cinema ! 
1	Do you want to travel in time?	If we can time travel, I feel it could only be forward in time because no one has come back to the past yet, if you get what I mean.. Where's a place in the world you want to travel to?	Alaska ! . Wish I could afford it at the moment.	EVERYWHERE ! . I have a huge wanderlust.	Every state in the U.S.	Alaska ! 
1	How can you break a bad habit?	I schedule it..  After  a while, it becomes a habit.	Pushing people away when I'm lonely and desperate for love.	I would really like to not be sitting on this couch all day.	Writting "MAGGLE ! "	Well I just want to stop staying up late its a pretty bad habit. but it also means I need to stop sleeping in.
1	How old do you think is "old"?	Considering the original topic here.people out of high school	Go ahead and say it..  It's a feeling and it's a valid feeling.	I'm 24 and I like to say, "when I was younger" a lot.	Sure, go right ahead.. I rarely feel old at 58 but hey ! 	I'm going or at least try to learn the piano.
1	What is your favorite animal and why?	Pangolin.. Does that even need justifying?	I. LOVE. BUNNIES.	Great White Shark.. I like how they look and how so many people fear them.	I have a pet rabbit.. She lives cage free in my house and sleeps on my chest.	Orcas because I watched that film Black Fish
1	What is your favorite book and why?	Hard to say but LOTR is a pretty consistent favorite of mine	Catch 22.. I don't think I will ever read a better novel.	Either Hitchhiker's or Point Your Face At This	The Inheritance Cycle.. This series is just complete in every way possible.	I would have to say The Stand by Stephen King..  Amazing book.
1	What is your favorite thing to drink?	Mango juice. but I'm trying to love water	Apple juice.. Nothing ever tastes as good as chilled apple juice	Coffee.. Because I'm addicted.	Asian food.. drools	Ha ! . Great question.
1	What time zone do you live in?	I want to live just far enough in the future, to be one of the first to explore space commerciallyI want to be a space trucker	Gainesville, rural community home to the University of Florida.. I love it here.	North west London.. Beautiful.	I used to think my city was a pretty nice place, but everyday I read the news and feel a little different.	I'm in the Omaha area!. How about you?
1	Which do you prefer, Coffee or tea?	I do drink tea, hot tea.. I have this nice little rhythm with hot drinks where I drink coffee first thing in the morning and caffeinefree tea right before I go to sleep.	both, you?	I drink green tea, but is it caffeinated?. I'm not sure, to be honest.	tea at home coffee in work D but TEA IS SO MUCH NICER	Tea, im british
1	Are you a dog or a cat person?	I like both, but I definitely consider myself a dog person	Dogs forever.	Definitely dogs	Dogs D but I think that Ill still love to have a cat if I could	Cat person here.. I miss my cat though.
1	Do you have any favorite kind of weather?	I like almost every kind of music.. I think I can carry on, it's just going to take some time.	There is no hope in destiny, only SUCCESS ! 	For money I'd try lol	What's your favorite manga and why ?	My favorite thing is talking to people
1	Do you like to play in the snow?	Wearing lighter clothing.. Enjoying early spring morning air and atmosphere on my way to work.	Sleep.. Source Am bear	Pool.	Gardening !  Favourite activity ever!	Golf, tennis, going for long walks.
1	Do you think there can be world peace?	CEO of a tech company	I feel the same way as you.. I grew up writing and drawing.	gt. What do you do?	Dreamsgoals.. They relate but are kinda different.	I have a dream ! . My dream is to have a dream!
1	What do you do in your free time? 	Sleep.. Is that.is that bad?	Outside of work? I read, write, sleep, the usual things.. At work?	Gardening, guitar, and working on my manga.	Drink beer and sleep, shift work ruins you're free time ! 	Video Games.. Way too many Video Games.
1	What is your favorite food from another culture?	Sushi.	Burritos.	Brisket with beans.. How about you?	Mako Shark.	Germany Nothing special, we are a westernized is that a word?. country after all.
1	What should I eat? Whats your favorite snack?	Salted pistachios are great.. Addicting though.	You could make protein bars.. You don't even need a recipe.	Popcorn..  I wish I could live on it, because I would live on it.	Hot pepper jelly, cream cheese and crackers.	CHOCOLATE. Or Oreos
1	Are you a city person or a country person?	I didn't think I was a city person, but then we moved.. We didn't even move to the country, just a small town.	City..  I like eating out at high quality unique oneofakind dinerscafesbistros.etc.	I'm such a city person.. I need people and I need accessibility.	I'm both personality wise, but country location wise.	I'm a city person but I want to be a country person.. One day
1	Do you donate your time or money to charity? 	Yes I do	This sucks.. Sorry about this.	Pay off my parents mortgage, then just go around and give money to people who seem like they need it.	Never did the College or University thing.. No real regrets.	I have a dog sitting business
1	Do you have a favorite flavor of ice cream?	Vanilla, I love it because I believe it to be the most neutral flavor of ice cream	Coffee.. Because coffee.	Chocolate chip cookie dough shouldn't be slept on.	Mint Chocolate Chip.. Just so minty and delicious ! 	Mint chocolate chip, by far.
1	Do you have or do you want a pet?	No, my apartment doesn't allow it	I dont really know.. I feel like i want to be alone, to do whats important, and the same time i feel like i dont want to be left alone	Not a chance in hell.. I do have an awesome dog though.	I have two pets.. A cat and a Dog.	I do  I have a dog.. She's just under a year old, and I credit her entirely as the reason I get up in the morning.
1	How do you wind down after a long day?	Play some GTA.	I make a cup of delicious hot chocolate and play video games.	i play relaxing games.. games that are not too tough, with relaxing music	I make tea and drink it while doing something else.. I find the ritual of boiling and pouring water comforting.	Sleeping late, then just listening to music all day.. Beer and friends optional.
1	How tall do you think is the perfect height?	I'm 5'1.. I don't like to feel super small.	I'm like 5,105,11 and around 140lbs.	I have no idea why I can eat so much yet I don't gain a lot of weight.	6'4 275lb.im too big.. Trying to lose the college football weight that I had to gain.	bump ! . more people please!
1	What do you have that you are grateful for? 	Just staying with my dad for the weekend.	Wish I could learn arabic.. Also wish I could find time to take kick boxing classes.	CEO of a tech company	Staying true to myself.. Say what I want to say and be who I want to be.	Being a semisuccessful author.
1	What is your routine before you go to bed?	I listen to asmr videos to relax before sleeping.	Reading creepypasta or listening to a creepypasta reading.	Grab a cup of green tea, get in bed and read my Kindle.	Tea.. I drink chamomile or sleepy time.	I shower and do the NYT crossword
1	Whats the weather going to be like this week?	Eating everything I possibly can.	Be with my boyfriend	Eat and sleep, and not bother going into work.	Writing a book	I would go straight to Europe, drink a lot, and probably do some other unadvisable stuff.
1	What would you like to do in your free time?	eat pizza and ice cream.. Walk around and take some photographs or random thing, random people.	I love painting, mountain biking, running, skiing.	Run.. A lot of people assume running is too hard, but honestly, I find it relaxing.	Free time?.  I don't understand this phrase?	Play videogames, play guitar, play the drums and walk
1	Did you ever take a trip over spring or summer break?	Sounds awesome.	Head up to Canada ! . Your  is worth 1.20 or more up here!	Eh for a month and return back to school so not much of a break I get	hahaha I didn't know that could happen to cars	When I Come Around, Greenday.
1	Did your class have a pet when you were in school?	Yeah but we have a mad high drop rate.. My grad class was like 9 people.	I knew that you were in high school.. I just couldn't think of any other way to describe that.	I'm a freshman, so I guess I still have time left to decide on my future	That's.. Weird.	I am overachiever.. I won't lie to you.
1	Do you go to bed at a regular time every day?	Tea.. I drink chamomile or sleepy time.	I shower and do the NYT crossword	Playing video games, reading, listening to or playing music.	I'm tall, dark, and handsome.	Relaxing stuff.
1	Do you think time travel will be possible in the future?	Time traveler reporting in.. Definitely not possible, please do not attempt.	Sure why not?. But I'm not physicist.	No, only in the past.	Not a chance.. Time can be bent but not traveledskipped.	Nope
1	What music do you like to listen to in the morning?	Electro	Metal, electronic, punk, and video game soundtracks.	Music is awesome.. I listen to mostly rockalternative.	Rock, metal, and Taylor Swift ! 	Drive.. My daily commute to college is a 2 hour drive each way, and on the weekend I deliver food.
1	Did you ride a bus to school when you were a child?	Essentially boarding school, yes.. It had funding from the state though.	As a Public Transit worker Thank You ! 	We should travel back in time to when you were a kid and "cure the plague" ! . D	IKR. .	Children are terrible, I should know, I was once one of them.
1	How do you keep in touch with people who live far away? 	You're not in the wrong.. Your sister is acting like a child.	I don't.. It's none of my business.	What's your secret for having all the extra energy ? 	Well.. I think the only thing to do is get busy with your own life, so you can become those people you speak of.	Tampa, and I love it here.
1	How do you think being a celebrity could be a bad thing?	Never said I didn't lie	Dreamsgoals.. They relate but are kinda different.	My dream is for my music to be played to millions of people one day.	I have a dream ! . My dream is to have a dream!	I want to make a lot of money doing nothing.. Now that's a dream.
1	Do you think you would do well working a job that was overnight?	drink.sleep.realize that tomorrow is a brand new day.	I work at GameStop ! I love my job.. Well, most of the time.	At a retail store in a mall.. No I don't like my job, rather I hate every minute I'm here.	I work on an accounting staff for a furniture distributor.. Overall, I like my job.	I work as a calculus tutor at my university.. I LOVE it.
1	If you could have any animal as a pet which would you choose?	A dog.. It's a good thing I already have one.	An elephant.	A lion ! . D	HIPPO	A deer
1	If you could, would you have your brain put in a robot body?	Yes, maybe I am going crazy.	Look up the game remember me	Yes.. Aside from medical markets, there would be a consumer market  you would have the option to watch a movie or read a book "for the first time" so to speak.	There'd be a whole "treat PTSD" market going, I'll tell you that.	I have a wall, how is this going to work?
1	how is the weather where you live? Is it affecting you in any way?	Houston.so.not great	Hot and humid.. Worst kind of weather.	Warm and sunny, which is pretty standard for Florida.	So hot.. Yet.	I don't think I could live where you live.. I need seasons ! 
1	If one species on Earth could learn to talk, which animal would you choose?	Pandas because they are the swoliest	left half cat.	Velociraptor, straight up.	Like?. Nah man I got rid of that site.	A wolf.
1	If you could have one present for your birthday, what would you ask for?	I want a ski tuning kit.. I always have to rely on borrowing my friends equipment and I hate burdening people.	I probably wouldn't ask for anything.. At least, nothing material.	Nothing.. We can't afford it x	Mexican food.. All of it.	I want a decent rug.. My current rug is terrible and I hate it.
1	If you can time travel then who is that one person you want to meet?	Hemingway.	Lucy and Desi	Lincoln.. Such a complex man.	Ernest Hemingway.. No question.	Dimebag Darrell 
1	If you could pick one skill to be great at, what will it be and why?	I'd like to be a great cook.. I love food.	I would be a skilled business man.. Why?	Public speaking.. I can debate among my friends and people I know quite easily	True blacksmithing and forging	To have an awesome memory.. To be able to remember whatever I want with as much detail as I want.
1	Do you have or would you get a Tattoo? If so, what would it be and where?	Yes.. I have a few and want more.	I wouldn't.	I wanna get the Knife Party logo on my upper arm.. One day, though.	When I retire I'm going to get "White Power" tattooed on my forehead.	I probably would not get one.. That said, if I did, it would likely be a keywork.
1	Do you like your job? If money were no issue, what would you like to do instead?	If I didn't have to work right now I wouldn't..  But I would still want to be a teacher.	I work as a calculus tutor at my university.. I LOVE it.	At a retail store in a mall.. No I don't like my job, rather I hate every minute I'm here.	I work on an accounting staff for a furniture distributor.. Overall, I like my job.	I work at GameStop ! I love my job.. Well, most of the time.
1	If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?	Good question.. What about "What do you think?" That way, I'll be able to respond back with whatever I think.	Yes.	I just want to fit in.. I don't want people to talk about me or hate me.	Hahaha you noticed ! 	Music ! . All different kinds.
1	Did you go to graduate school? Would you want to go back to school again if you could?	Med school.. North east state, sorry, don't want to go more in detail than that.	I don't know.	Why don't you get a job instead then	Don't want to say for privacy purposes.	After high school, college.. After college, either jumping straight away into a job, going to grad school, or going to law school.
2	Are you usually happy?	Happy in certain things.. Not so happy in others.	Depends on what's happening each day.	Yup.	Man I don't even know anymore.	Indeed I am
2	Are you very talkative?	No, not at all.	Oh you know.. Hanging in there.	Amazing	Can't complain ! 	Oo Sarcasm ? 
2	Can you play chess?	I was on the team in high school, but I don't really play much any more	Do I play?. Yes.	I have before but not recently.	YOUR MY WONDERWALL	O,ARE YOU DOING REQUESTS?
2	Do you regularly exercise?	Gym 5  6 days a week, depending on how I feel.	Off and on.. Every other week I work out 25 times a week.	Twice a week.	I walk to the fridge to get bacon if that counts.	Less than I should
2	Do you wear sunscreen?	Cologne only if on a date or in a suit.	No actual perfume, but occasionally body spray.	a spray every now and then	Yes.. I cycle thru about 8 different scents.	One spray every now and then.
2	Are you an only child?	Only child.. Never wanted siblings.	Only child.. I never wanted siblings.	Only child.. Very happy without siblings.	I have a younger sister and I couldn't imagine life without her.	This is key.
2	Can you do a cartwheel?	i more into growing.. i like the idea of farming.	I love the water.. I feel like I belong there.	WHERE IS MY SUPERSUIT?	I'm probably just not going to do it.	Yes
2	Can you ride a bike?	Bike.. Like Bicycle.	That is very true .	Why ? . I always just put it off.	I rode a bike for the first time last summer.. It was awesome, you should try it out.	Me neither.. I'll be 40 in January.
2	Do colors influence your mood?	I sleep great.. I mean, I don't wake up wanting to get up  I'm definitely not a morning person.	Yes.. Some days green, some blue and some grey.	They only seem to change depending on my clothing color.. Blue and sometimes look green or gray.	That's.. not how eyes work.	Not sure what you mean.
2	Do you believe in telekensis?	No.. What we see or detect through instruments etc.	Not during the day.	I believe in aliens yes.. But I'm not afraid.	No.	Happy Cake Day ! 
2	Do you eat sandwiches often?	Maybe REAL tacos instead of american ones	Weekly.	No	Nothing.. Ok, just had to ask.	Lipton noodle soup
2	Do you have any allergies?	Sulfonamide , it is in antibiotics	I can't have anything with milk in it.	Sort of.. I stay with my family part of the time, and they have several dogs and cats.	I have two pets.. A cat and a Dog.	Nah.. Just plants.
2	Do you have any houseplants?	Nah.. Just plants.	I do  I have a dog.. She's just under a year old, and I credit her entirely as the reason I get up in the morning.	Sort of.. I stay with my family part of the time, and they have several dogs and cats.	I have two pets.. A cat and a Dog.	I know for a fact that I do. but I couldn't tell you off the top of my head what they are.
2	Do you have any nicknames? 	Nope.	ABJD, Tolkien, Monster High.	No.	Nope.	no, but I've been wanting to get one
2	Do you have any penpals?	In prison I think it's still pretty common?	I have not, may need to look that up ! 	Web comics ! 	I play hayday at the moment.. I also love drawing, especially mudcrabs at the moment.	Similar except with the fat under our chins.. We don't know the name for it though.
2	Do you have any phobias?	ABJD, Tolkien, Monster High.	Antphobia.. And maybe crowdphobia.	What's yours first?	Talking on the phone.. I avoid it at all costs.	women
2	Do you know any palindromes?	BabyMetal is awesome, Megitsune is my jam.	Yep 3	I do.. How did you figure THAT out?	The opposite.	Sorry.. Subgenres of metal.
2	Do you like classical music?	Oh hohohoho ! . Of course.	Honestly it depends on my mood..	What music do you like?	I love metal.. Grew up on punk and alternative.	yesnext question
2	Do you like outdoorsy stuff?	Yes I do like stuff	I spin pens, I listen to trap music, I talk to internet people	The opposite.	I do.. How did you figure THAT out?	I feel it often ! . Especially with music.
2	Do you play any sports?	I played soccer through high school.	Cross country and track here.	Would you consider poledancing as a sport?	I play airsoft.. It's good fun.	Football ! 
2	Have you ever been hunting?	Please don't hurt me	Hm not sure?. What is being in love like?	in all the wrong places, apparently	Yes.	yeah
2	How would you describe yourself?	I'm a 24 year old guy..  Smart, good looking, funny.	I'm 21 and usually very quiet.	Typically in the mirror..  Occasionally on camera.	Fat and short, physical wise.. Awesome personality wise	I do it like Malcom in the Middle.
2	Tell me about your day!	It's sunny and warm again!. And my friend was kind.	Woke up not too long ago, dog sitting today!	What a week!. I'll never ever forget this week.	I did nothing today... I'm guessing that you are from Europe ? 	Went to class, violin lesson, meeting, did some work, studying for Spanish right now.. So overall day was pretty routine but relaxed, just under the weather right now.
2	Who is your favorite actor?	I'm guessing you like cinema?	As a straight male, RDJ all the way	I'm new here.. Don't know anyone.	I'm new here and have no idea who you all are and what's this about.	You bby
2	Are you a very organized person?	Most of the time, yes.. But I can get pretty silly too	Woah there.. I wouldn't go that far.	Thanks.	Thank you.	A lot of it is very accurate, some of it is a little off..  Overall, the results are a good generalization of my personality.
2	Are you good at being agreeable?	Not caring.	Swimming and typing.	Playing games, fixing stuff.. What am I not good at?	Casual Conversation.	Podcasting.. Screenwriting.
2	Are you left or right handed? 	Nope, right handed.	Right.. What's the first thing to your left?	right hand.. and yes its my dominant.	Both of them together.	Left handed.. I hate scissors and can openers so awkward.
2	Describe to me your usual day.	Wake up, Go back to sleep.. Wake up and get ready for work.	Wake, bus ride to school, school, bus ride home, homework, dinner, chores, sleep.. Repeat.	Wake up at 7.. Groan and swear that I'm sleeping early tonight.	At the moment.. Wake up.	I just got to work ! . I'm always the first one here, and just sit around until it is time to start.
2	Do you always match your socks?	Eat them	Mainly goodwill.	Uniqlo in New York.. Or Express.	Where in the world are you from?. UK here.	A big and tall shop.. I'm 6'8" so it's the only place I can get actual jeans that fit.
2	Do you have a favorite superhero?	Paul.	In the Pale MoonlightOrThe magnificent Ferangi	You mean musician or painter?	I. really don't know.. man.	Lego movie.. Favorite song?
2	Do you have a morning ritual?	Work	What we always do, Pinky.. We play videogames.	Sleep !  Since im a baker and I have to work every friday night.	Sleeping late, then just listening to music all day.. Beer and friends optional.	In bed.
2	Do you have any bad habits?	I like touching my nose with both hands and sniffing my fingers a lot.. I DON'T KNOW WHY.	If I ate very well then I'll cough after the meal.. I don't know why this happen to me.	I hum or sing constantly.	Sorry.. Subgenres of metal.	I know for a fact that I do. but I couldn't tell you off the top of my head what they are.
2	Do you have any food allergies?	I can't have anything with milk in it.	Sulfonamide , it is in antibiotics	Nah.. Just plants.	I have two pets.. A cat and a Dog.	I do  I have a dog.. She's just under a year old, and I credit her entirely as the reason I get up in the morning.
2	Do you have some favorite clothes?	Paul.	Where in the world are you from?. UK here.	Target for basics.. I love Target.	Target, good will, amazon	Mainly goodwill.
2	Do you know your zodiac sign?	Virgo here.	Taurus	Pices	Leo the Lioness	The elusive Sagittarius.
2	Do you like learning new languages?	I want to learn French, but I'm too busy	Studying russian.. On my 2nd year.	I'm currently learning Spanish and American sign language	I studied Spanish, Japanese, and Korean formally in school.. Spanish is the only one I still use	I speak English and spanish and I am trying to learn German right now
2	Do you like to play games?	Anything and everything.	I only have Dota 2 and Team Fortress 2 right now	League of legends and starcraft 3	I did used to play a lot more than I do now.. I miss it for sure.	Poster
2	Do you regularly cook at home?	Yeah, thank goodness	Cooking isn't too hard.. As long as you can follow directions, you should be fine ! 	At my beach.. It's nice there come late afternoon after a hard day's work.	It's my only true haven of privacy.	Sounds fair enough.. But i dont get why youll have to work 1012 hours.
2	Do you think you are stylish?	Back At you .. A Heart of Skittles.	Think?. it's a fact bby.	Nope P	Yes.	Probably around average, although I have no real basis for measuring male attractiveness
2	Do you usually wear a watch?	depends on what I have to thru out the day	NO ! 13 questions left!	a spray every now and then	One spray every now and then.	No actual perfume, but occasionally body spray.
2	Does public speaking make you nervous? 	I just am.. I know I shouldn't be but i'm nervous for no reason	I just want to fit in.. I don't want people to talk about me or hate me.	Yeah like a placebo	Good point man
2	Have you ever "paid it forward"?	I think I dated the one once upon a time.. It didn't work out for odd reasons I prefer to not go into.	I suppose I have two.. When I was younger I knew a guy.	Oh tough question.. There is one.	Yeah, only because I was dumb enough to break it off and let her get away.	Once for about 3 months.. It was odd.
2	Have you ever had a nightmare?	I started looking at some people differently because of what they were doing in my dream.	Dreams require sleep.. I don't do that.	Nope.. At least, not that I can remember.	almost every dream for me	Yes.. 6 years wasted.
2	Have you ever met a genius?	Muse.. Best show ever.	nope, I have not.. c	I have yet to meet elizabeth henstridge	Who did you meet?
2	How do you help your friends?	We get lunch together and talk about music.. Other times we cook food together.	Maybe being a friend is the best way to having  a friend.	I live in pa right over the bridge.. It is tough .	Forced proximity	I don't.. I my friends tend to find me.
2	Tell me a little about you.	1. Navy Blue2.. Right now, it's Panic ! 	1. Green and lilac, tied for first.. 2.	1..  I don't have a preference 1.	1.. A nice dark red.2.	1 Gray.. Or Black.
2	What is your favorite junk food?	Brisket with beans.. How about you?	Mako Shark.	All of it.	Macaroni and cheese.. Seriously, would eat it every day if I could.	Gotta go with cheese pizza here
2	What is your favorite sports team?	Love playing and watching soccer.. Huge Arsenal fan.	Olympic judoJAPAN	HOCKEYVANCOUVER CANUCKSCOCONUTS GLOW	THE COLUMBUS BLUE JACKETS.	If you consider Boarding Wake, Skate, Long, Snow,Surf, etc as a sport, then Longboarding
2	What is your favorite TV show?	The inbetweeners.. I love the hell out of it.	Cutthroat Kitchen.	South Park.. Guaranteed laugh every episode.	Metalocalypse ! 	Walking Dead, Buffy, and Bones.
2	Are a fan of any sports team?	Arsenal please don't hate me	I hate sports.	Green Bay Packers.. I love this team with all my heart.	Not at all	I was a few years ago.. Feels like the passion is out of the game now.
2	Are you a member of any clubs?	That's a good idea, but no.	Ask the president or other board member if you can miss every other week to attend another club.. People are usually fine with that	Joe McCarthy?.  Is that you?	Only the devilishly handsome man in the mirror.	Yes, I am a prime member.. I love the free shipping.
2	Are you currently in your dream job? 	not sure, i accepted it today.. i will start after the holidays	I am.. I'm doing a degree in philosophy.	My dream job?. Game Security.	I dress in a good dress shirt with good dress pants with good dress shoes and a well done tie.. I don't get it.	I'm incredibly happy about all of it.. Every single part of it.
2	Are you satisfied with your internet speed?	Too slow, too much.	12mb  51	3 down 1 up for 45USD. Welcome to Honduras.	I have satellite internet because that is all you can get where I live and it's very slow.. I can't stream the majority of the time.	I don't have to.. I use the one at work.
2	Could you be a good security guard?	You're a pretty cool dude	Actually that may.. Certain job skills are in demand in general	Age is but a number, the only thing that can make it a great time is you.. Still, at that age it's pretty easy to make it a bad time for ourselves too.	Well, I guess it is kind of a safety thing.. I could graduate and then try to go into illustration.	Don't feed him.
2	Did you ever watch any Japanese animation?	That's in Japan.	I watch anime from time to time.. I am not as big into it as some people I know	Naruto Shippuden all the way.	SWORD ART ONLINE	Oh yes.. Way too many to list on here, but trust me I do.
2	Do you have a favorite stationery item?	Paul.	Laugh out Loud from CBC radio	I see you watched Wolf of Wall Street.	I don't know if we'll be getting a tree this year.. We're still not sure.	Our theme this year is Christmas.
2	Do you have a fear of heights?	.What if everything was spiders?	In my high school, shortness was the norm.. If you were a female over 5'2 you were considered a giant.	Sense of direction.. I hardly have one anyway.	You and me both brother.	.Well played.
2	Do you have plans for the weekend?	Oh.. I'm not sure.	Relaxing tonight.. Craft beer and netflix.	Reading up on the company I'm interviewing for on Monday.	I'm in college so.. Normal college activities	I will probably drink too much and then regret it on Monday
2	Do you like to follow political news?;	Hell. yes I do.	Well, I'm glad you can stomach it and even enjoy it.. Much more than I can bear.	Wait, they say the hashtag out loud ? 	Somewhat.	Origin I believe in evolution.. Humans evolved over time into what we are today.
2	Do you think fish make good pets?	I have one picture of my dog.. He's wearing my underpants.	2 Dogs	I have a cat, and a dog.. Totes is the cat.	I have a dog.. His name is Beckett.	I have a chihuahuamaltese mixed dog..  Here is a picture ! 
2	Have you ever competed in a marathon?	I have won a race or two, yes.. But I wouldn't say I'm a big deal.	Only with my brother ! . Broke his nose once though.	Going by current prices that's ~125.. Nice.	I won 50 last night on a football game	Not since high school. I played basketball not well and now my extent of sports is playing "soccer" with the three year old I nanny for.
2	Have you ever lived on your own?	Yes ! . Very much D	I think once you realize how small you are relative to the world, but still understand just how important individuals are maybe then you're on the right track.	Right now I'm feeling like I understand life.. Like I have a clear mind no matter what's going on.	Both of my parents houses feel like a prison	Nope ! . Having a super bowl party here at my place.
2	Have you ever seen a shooting star?	You are NEVER too old to be excited about seeing a shooting star! 3	Dude no way.. I just saw a shooting star last night too!	Nice!. Did you make a wish ? I remember the first shooting star I saw.	Yes.. I liked the first one more, but the second was still good ! 	What did you wish for ? 
2	How can we make society more fair?	The Anasazi.. A rich flourishing people who just disappeared.	It would probably be a culture that has since disappeared.. I rather like history.	Im 19 going on 20	You should just work out and dress better.. Recognize that you didn't make the world, and that you just live in it.	I think being a bad texter is a habit he could afford to change.
2	How do you deal with sad memories? 	I am sorry about your loss.. Accept grief, don't fight it.	I focus on my work.. I. E my music	Whiskey tastes good.	Games.. Your consolepc won't leave you like people do.	I just find things to do that I can do alone so I can actually appreciate being alone.
2	What is your favorite thing about yourself?	My face and my pretty acid sense of humor.	I'm confident but I still know my limitations	my calf muscles are pretty big	That I like all of you ! 	I mostly have good intentions.
2	What season do you like the most 	For money I'd try lol	Money	Pool.	Gardening !  Favourite activity ever!	Golf, tennis, going for long walks.
2	When did you start to learn English?	Yes	You start with "Hello World".	Google.. Nobody is going to walk you through it.	Oui ! 	I speak English and spanish and I am trying to learn German right now
2	When do you feel bad for yourself?	O feel bad for you?	Eat chocolate and listen to Taylor Swift	I come here..	Go to sleep.. It's a great resetter.	I binge eat..  or i go to my room and avoid everyone.
2	Who is your favorite person on TV?	James and Riley from The Next Step ! 	Castle and beckett	Monrosalee from Grimm.	Data and Picard. 	I'm new here.. Don't know anyone.
2	why do you want to learn English?	everything i can possibly suck into my brain	I don't even know ! . Lol	I'd like to learn how to make some fun computer programs.	I want to learn to hunt..  I can grow and preserve food, but I don't know how to hunt and don't know anyone who does.	I want to learn the violin.. It is my goal to learn within the next 5 years.
2	Are there any foods you hate to eat?	Spam.. Straight up.	Well don't judge ! . I like cheetos and ketchup.	SushiSashimi.. Love it.	Mayonese on fries.	Saurkraut and anchovies
2	Are there seasons where you live? How many?	10, thus far ! 	17 of them.	10.	At home ! . Ha!	I live in Colorado.. What's awesome about it is that I live in Colorado.
2	Are you a messy or a neat person?	3 guesses, not bad	Tall male p	MLP.	I think I look the part.	A lot of it is very accurate, some of it is a little off..  Overall, the results are a good generalization of my personality.
2	Are you good at fixing problems with technology?	Computer Engineering.. At all interested?	My mental health burnt up and I'm out of work.. Still trying to do school.	The owner of a restaurant I go to on the weekend has a cute daughter.	I don't want to go to bed only to get up at 6 AM to go to work tomorrow.	Bit sick.. Not ebola.
2	Are you or do you know any vegetarians?	Sorry.. Subgenres of metal.	eh	Just don't feel like it I guess.. Well it's 2am	I am cindersteph and i work at a coffee shop	My name is Josh and I'm a high school student.
2	Can you recommend a good book to me? 	Would you prefer fiction or nonfiction?	What genres do you like?	If you like Orson Scott Card read "Seventh Son"	Do you read science fiction?	The martian ! 
2	Do you have a high tolerance for pain?	It's left over from a car accident about three years ago.	No real stress going on at this time.. I do work out and occasionally have stiff muscles.	this is great advice for any situation.	Not to be rude but how old are you ? 	I have not.. I'm in the process of doing so.
2	Do you know how many bones you have?	6 that I can think of right now, might have 1 or 2 more.	TEN TOES.	At least 0, but maybe more.	A lot.	O
2	Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?	No cause I have no reason to P	I love a good documentary.. depends on the subject	It is pretty much the only thing I'm good at	Yes I like them, because they're entertaining	Nope.. Why would I?
2	Do you like to talk about current events? 	I race sailboats.. Race photo.	I used to collect Warhammer, I was just a kid though. so I didn't understand how to play the proper game of it.	Idk.. Nothing in particular, just life I guess.	Thinking the down fall of society due to a growing generation of laziness is a good start.. lol	So, Joe where you from?
2	Do you stay in hotels when you travel?	If we can time travel, I feel it could only be forward in time because no one has come back to the past yet, if you get what I mean.. Where's a place in the world you want to travel to?	The moon.. I travel constantly for work and i prefer to be home.	Nowhere, really.	Everywhere ! 	I want to visit Istanbul in Turkey.
2	Do you think it's important to be thin?	Yeah like a placebo	Agreed..  Also, how old are you?	I like it on other people.	That's my intention ! . To remain conscious.	I want to go into a huge cathedral and play the organ there.
2	Do you think you are a good actor?	No.. I Don't, which is sad really.	Are you, like, one of the moon children from Majora's Mask?	Chaotic neutral.	I don't know if I'm a good person or not.. I try to help people whenever I get a chance ! 	I dont really know.. I feel like i want to be alone, to do whats important, and the same time i feel like i dont want to be left alone
2	Do you think you could live on Antarctica?	I live in Alaska.. I love it and hate it at the same time.	By roads.	Mumbai,  currency was the clue btw	I'd stay in the US, but move to the West Coast.	I live in Indiana.
2	Do you try to do good deeds often?	That is my good.. I want to inspire my example.	Don't know that either	Nice.. What were the last 2 you read?	I study foreign languages and medicine on my own.	Kegel exercises
2	Do you use any type of cloud storage?	Audacity	I use a Toshiba laptop for what I have.	some strange chinese thing that came with my apartment.	I'm always looking for people to talk to and I have kik so I might as well use it.	Sony FS700uk
2	Have you ever crossed the international date line?	lol why the date ? . And yes they have to answer straightforward	not really	Night under the stars ? . Let's date.	Not yet, but it is to be near the end of summer next year, maybe early fall.	Noted.. Thank you .
2	Have you ever gone fishing in the sea?	If it helps at all, I hear if you start feeling sea sick, look at the horizon ! .  I was pretty super chill!	Oh, no.. Haha.	I want to try shark.. I love trying new food.	That works too!	w.hellobc.com
2	Have you ever gone to the emergency room?	When I was 6 I had to get surgery.. I was hit in the mouth by a basketball and it caused this weird bump on the inside of my mouth to swell up.	1.. Planned orthopedic surgery, age 13.2.	Ooh ! . Something I can contribute to!	Too much to list but yes I have.	I was in a mental hospital for a week after I tried to hang myself.. Not fun and very expensive.
2	Have you ever gotten close to a dolphin?	You should try Crocodiles or Twin Shadow	Yes, not hooked on it but some great tracks on there.	I think it depends on the club.. At mine, we're all pretty nice to each other.	FLCL is fantastic, you should really watch it ! 	I've always wanted one too.
2	Have you ever subscribed to a streaming service?	Now, that is something that I shall do.. Thank you, random internet stranger.	I do have spotify premium ! . I will check it out.	OR the NSA! stares	yeah same here ! . it would be a great show to binge watch this summer	Hm.. I'm not sure.
2	Have you thought about doing a sky walk?	Go for it.. If you get a chance to just go, do it.	Hey man, be respectful.	but that's the thing!. You don't have to!See, I know nothing about it either.	how tall are you	I couldn't afford that at all.. Plus I just got off work
2	What is your favorite kind of TV show?	Metalocalypse ! 	The XFiles and The Office ! 	Red Dwarf.. Hilarious.	Cutthroat Kitchen.	South Park.. Guaranteed laugh every episode.
2	What is your favorite place to take pictures?	In my room, in front of my PC.	Reading books	Reading, playing piano, I write sometimes, or just going for walks.	Nothing.	sleep or longboard.
2	What is your favorite side dish or condiment?	Man.. I don't have one way I prefer.	nuggets	Rice ! . Pasta is too heavy usually	Spinach dip, hands down.	I'm a big onion ring fan.
2	What musical instrument would you like to learn?	Guitar.. Started when I was 17.	I play guitar and cello	The sax, band class in 7th grade	i played the french horn in my highschool	Play drums.. Self taught.
2	Are you able to solve your own computer problems? 	At the moment, I do not.. It seems as if things will be this way for a while.	I think the problem is that there are no real solutions.. I need to get over it.	So what's your problem?. Maybe we can help	I do wish that was all you needed.. The internet isn't always good.	No this isn't homework
2	Did anybody ever play a practical joke on you?	Seems interesting, I'll check it out when I get home.	Dumbest?. Get bitten in the neck.	I guess licked the bottom of my own shoe.. It didn't taste very good.	Ahahahahaahahahah	Pft hahaha
2	Do you eat out or order in more often? 	For me it doesn't matter.. They are always there.	I eat in the dining hall.	Sneaking in snacks AND movie hopping  the way to go	Central Park is great to walk around and bask in nature.. Make sure to walk around the lake ! 	Not too expensive although for me I buy a lot of tea stuff. but well I don't spend money on much else.
2	Do you get lots of snow where you live?	New Zealand ! ?. I want to visit there.	Kansas City.. What do I love?	Oklahoma.. I'll admit there's not a lot here, but the people can be pretty cool.	New Jersey.. The awesome diversity in the surrounding area.
2	Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?	Definitely ! . What do you like?	Sorry for the delay, internet went down.. I was going to watch Full Metal Jacket.	Nope.. Why would I?	I do. but I don't like that I do.	It is pretty much the only thing I'm good at
2	Do you think all animals on Earth are important?	I feel that eventually we will.. Whether it works out is another question entirely.	If we manage to avoid any apocalypses on the way, sure.. In fact, we probably have to.	I hope so, we're going to need a backup plan for when we ruin Earth.	Mars?. Sure.	Is there more hunting hate than usual?. I live in a pretty big hunting area.
2	Do you think eating cereal is a good breakfast?	Absolutely nothing ! 	I have fruit loops.. Not my favorite.	I'm eating chocolate ice cream ! . D	Grilled cheese.. And wine.	I can't hear you over the sound of my snack eating.. Pistachios.
2	Do you think you are more positive or negative?	Negative, I am a meat popsicle	I don't know Watt you're on about ! 	Negative.	You know, I like the way that you put this.. Thank you.	People saying that space science is a waste of time and money, or that the whole moon landing was a hoax thing.. Why?
2	Does your country have a king or a queen?	Queen because then I would be Queen B.	actual king of the hill from the show	Yes.	He looks familiar to me too ! .  Super cute, though.	Awesome, obviously ! . Queen are the best!
2	Have you ever drived a car in another country?	Haha. D	NO ! . Now that the basic response it out of the way, I'll explain.	Thanks	1. Yes.	Whats your second favorite car ? . Super original I know.
2	What do you have to brag about this week?	Monstercat	Why do I have you marked as a friend?. I can't remember.	Star Trek.. For sure.	i just finished my homework.. ALL OF 'EM.	Just made a 95 on a exam ! 
2	What is your favorite song when you feel lonely?	Get Lonely by The Mountain Goats	Panic  The smithsGood melancholy song with happy feel	Dust in the Wind by KansasThat should do it.	Feel good Inc.	Superstar  Knife Party
2	What kind of anime would you suggest I watch? 	Go ahead	Nothing recently. but I was a fan of crime drama stuff like Death Note and Psycho Pass.	I like the anime scene from Kill Bill.	A lot.. I especially like action with a bit of fantasy.	Boku no pico
2	What were your experiences at your first job like?	It was pretty boring, but sweet as well.. I worked from 73.	Congratulations!. I have yet to get my first job.	1.. I have to show people software that ranges from 4002100 and know every in and out of it.	yes, and grad school	probably the first time being in water or maybe the first time breathing fresh air.
2	What would your life be like without a computer? 	I don't know what I'm gonna do.. No clue.	High school from sophomore to senior.. Just so I could see my best friend again	Childhood.. Like, 814.	any time I had with my Grandad.	This past school year.. I would just try to treat the new girl differently.
2	Would you like to try living on another planet?	I think we would end up murdering them.	What do you love to do. ?	Nah I don't think so.. Flying for me will just be a hobby of mine.	My crush's bedroom	To the Netherlands ! 
2	Are there any special kinds of candy from your country?	I know about black, oolong, and green for the most part.	Canada.. No real fun facts, just we're cool.	Like the plague my friend..	Mom's spaghetti	"Perfect Day"  Lou Reed
2	Are you a big fan of any current pop icons?	I am.. I love his voice.	Big fan of Hardstyle music, trying to attend as much festivals as I can in the near future ! 	This is really nice w.thenicestplaceontheinter.net	I really like metal.. It's fun to play and listen to.	I'd have to dig, lemme see what I can come up with.
2	Are you crafty? What kind of stuff do you make?	Audiotechnica.. You WILL NOT regret it.	How do others describe yourself?. Are they right or wrong?	I like art and music a lot, but I never really do either of them..	Lot of small scale things.. I forged a ring not too long ago just to see if I could do it.	Audacity
2	Can you use a number keypad without looking at it?	Yes, I did know that.. No, I have no interest in doing so often, but I guess it does help when wearing thick gloves.	I did, and I will not confess to how I learned that.	I'm waiting for my train to arrive and there are like 200 people next to me.. I'll pass on testing it if you don't mind	I never tried that.. lol	be more true to yourself
2	Do you enjoy cooking? What can you make the best? 	Cook? For.myself?. Listen to this funny guy.	Sneaking in snacks AND movie hopping  the way to go	I'm not entirely sure what you mean	Thank you, I will!	Being successful.
2	do you have a current goal you are working towards?	Getting fit again and perhaps going back and playing soccer for a local team or trying to be a bgirl.. ?	Owning my own art studio.. I am only 16	Figuring out what my future goals are.	I'm working toward being less lazy	Graduating law school ! 
2	Do you have any ideas for dealing with food waste?	chicken, oatmeal.	I eat my fit foods.	is the whole project due tomorrow or simply the idea?	Mostly music or geography or art.. I do love the random button though	medium rare steak.. Throw a nice rub on there, grill it up and top it with a little old bay special old bay mix I use and dig in.
2	Do you think factory work would be intersting for you?	I work on an accounting staff for a furniture distributor.. Overall, I like my job.	At a retail store in a mall.. No I don't like my job, rather I hate every minute I'm here.	I work at GameStop ! I love my job.. Well, most of the time.	I work as a calculus tutor at my university.. I LOVE it.	Home brew..  Brown ale.
2	Do you think mosquitos do any good in the world?	Climb the harbour bridge?	I want to be able to socialise in public without fearing to be judge.	Lead a revolution.. Get dogs.	To be a somebody	sorry, i should have said that
2	Have you ever been up in a hot air balloon?	What would I do with 5,0 balloons? ! ?. But then I dont think i could go without balloons ever again..	Is your muffin buttered?	lol.i just picture her on the ground waving up at you..	You don't live in central Europe by chance ? Otherwise we might have a slight problem	You are crazy lol
2	How do you unwind at the end of the day?	I get that, I just want to avoid conflicts too, which is a huge problem here.	Tried all that	Don't know, maybe playing some games to skip the time to the evening	You will regret not looking.. Promise.	I mean, by all means go for it haha.. Might as well
2	What are you looking forward to in the coming month?	4 day weekend.	I want to talk to the girl I like. but I don't know what to say.	Going to meet a friend for a coffee.. Also I should be hearing back about a new job.	Evolve, been waiting for it for months	I'm going to finish the rough draft of a big paper.. I'll also attend a lecture on one of my favorite subjects.
2	What do you do at work when things aren't busy? 	drink.sleep.realize that tomorrow is a brand new day.	But I am.	Another hour	Read.. I work at a library.	Knit
2	What is your favorite thing to do when you're alone?	I hardly ever get alone time.. But I like to read, workout while watching stand up on Netflix, run while listening to music or take a bubble bath with a drink.	Just chill, listen to music and play some games.	Risky question, friend.. What kind of answers are you expecting?	Masturbation	YouTube?. Netflix?
2	What was the last movie you saw in a theater?	Hercules ! . The Rock was perfect and the action was entertaining	The Dawn of the Planet of the Apes.. It was soso.	XMen Days of Future Past.. Very good movie.	Who Framed Roger Rabbit.. Who was your first crush?	Wicked Little Things
2	Did you ever go to a dog cafe? How was it?	My 1st kiss was during a game of spin the bottle..  I was 15.	Muse.. Best show ever.	nope, I have not.. c
2	Do you ever feel like you are always running away ?	Yes.. I also feel like running away.	Who doesn't ? 	Do you ever feel.. Like a plastic bag ? 	I often have these kind of days.	I give up, i like you a bit too much to be this mean.
2	Do you ever have times when they want to be alone?	A lot.. Especially when my cousin is over.	As an introvert  yes ! 	whats the fun in that? ! 	Traveling, success, real lasting love, many many many things	A lawyer.. Both my parents are lawyers.
2	Do you ever use any home remidies when you are sick?	It is what it is	22, no pets, and playing GTAV	I'm single.. Just the one friend knows.	You know, I like the way that you put this.. Thank you.	I challenge you to brood wars.. Get it ?  .
2	Do you have any friends from a religion other than yours?	What's your favorite manga and why ?	Plastic parking placards from my university. as well as parking tickets.	my husband and I seem to be collecting bicycles.. We have at last count 12 in the garage.	I collect and use yoyos!. It's a super fun hobby, and it can get expensive real quick.	Steam games that I will never play
2	Do you think obesity is a big problem in your country?	The children.. We have to change the children.	Not at all.. In fact the opposite.	I don't know what I'm gonna do.. No clue.	I ring people who are in the passenger seat or the back seat.. Many close calls.	I don't drive often, but when I do I like to test the handling limits of the car.. Empty road and a sharp bend?
2	Have you ever had to make a public apology? (How come?)	nope, I have not.. c	Muse.. Best show ever.	But, how do I approach someone?. What do I do?	Umm yes it kind of is proof.. Stop trying so hard to be politically correct.
2	Have you had to deal with the loss of a pet?	Very good point	Death is not the only way..  I'm sure you are looking for the first time in my opinion.	What percentage?	I think some people can solve it on their own..  No idea.	Thank you so much.. Last night my resolve was firm, but after sleeping on it, I wavered, and I couldn't enforce my decision.
2	If you could have a single superpower, what would it be?	The ability to control every corgi in the world.	Cold War Russia.. oh, is that not the game we're playing?	I would have the single superpower of being omnipotent.	invisibility, plain and simple	KAMEHAMEHA ! 
2	If you could interview one deceased person, who would you choose? 	Jennifer Lawrence.. She is just so cool ! 	Ishmael Beah	I wouldn't want to bother anyone that much xx	Myself.	Bill gates so I could convince him to give me money because otherwise how would I live and make money
2	If you could live anywhere on Earth, where would you go?	Toronto	Japan !  All life!?	MAUI	Mauritius	Iceland, forever
2	Is there something in the world that you want to change? 	I love you, mang.	If you aim right you'll always have a clean toilet.	Relax.	Please be kind and empathetic.	Please try to be more courteous.
2	What is your favorite thing to talk about with your friends? 	Comedy	Animals behavior in particular and sign language.	Video games, sports, music, and food.	The Walking Dead ! 	Kinesics, or body language
2	Would you like to work in a huge company like Google?	I have connections through my dad with people in the company.. My dream school at the moment is MIT.	How so?. What do you do?	Meh, close enough.. Have a gold star for effort.	Best of luck	Thank you ! . This is exactly how I view this opportunity.
2	Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?	Gotcha.. I try to spend a fair amount of time exploring music.	true ! . solid recommendation any way you slice it P	"This Woman's Work" by Maxwell	"Hate Me" by Blue October.. Because of a girl, of course.	Glycerine by Bush
2	Do you drink tap water in your home or buy bottled water?	What kinds of food cause crystals to form ? 	Ew, where's that ? 	Is it a brand name ? 	Thank you!. And what is your quest ? 	Pretty good. Kinda boring.. Good for you though, so I drink it a lot
2	Do you think some censorship on the internet is a good thing?	Color me impressed.	Reading.	AnObviousDisinterest.. LOL ! 	You could be a camgirl	I'm afraid I don't have any in mind atm, but I'll get back to you on that ! 
2	Have you ever gone up to the top of a light house?	this !  is so logical, yet so deep	I'll have to try that tomorrow morning	Maybe I'll see that as a problem with it.. I'll figure out what is good for me.	As a woman, I have even more concern.. It stinks.	I go it alone.. I know of a WW2 bunker.
2	How many different alphabets do you think there are in the world?	10.	Just one, my family.	My family My school mates My club soccer team My school soccer team My rep.. soccer team	Work Family, which isn't particularly often either	Does DampD count?
2	If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?	My vision.. I'll never get to truly experience a 3D movie with only one functioning eye	My skin.. I have horrible, horrible skin.	I'd like to be a little bit taller	My metabolism ! !.  I would like to speed it up by a 100	My socioeconomic status.. Being poor isn't fun
2	if you could play one sport professionally, which one would you choose?	Flight.. Just.one time.	Invisibility.. I would like to know what people say behind my back.	The power of WERTHERS	Love this question ! .  Gary Oldman.	A wizard.
2	Do you have a nickname? What is it? How did you get it?	Carebear or Care.. Because of my first name.	Clem.. For Clementine.	Suki.. It's a mix of my first and middle name.	Mines real simple.. Ed	My dream is for my music to be played to millions of people one day.
2	Do you like go to out for New Years or just stay home?	lots of Pentazemincatheters at the ready	Just a visit currently!. I have lots going on at home right now	Pay just to visit home.. Yes.	Well.. I go to my grandparents every summer but that is not a different place for me, I visit there since I was.. 1.. Other than that, no..	All the time.. I feel imprisoned between four walls.
2	Do you like seeing a movie in a theater or at home better?	Sleep	Wear a sweater.. Take your phone and turn the brightness all the way down.	Who Framed Roger Rabbit.. Who was your first crush?	Happens all the time.. At least once a week.	.. Abed?
2	Do you like your name? If given the chance, would you change it?	I like mine	My name is Nicholas, and I LOVE it	I like it enough.. My friends say they wouldn't call their kids it	My name is Griffin.. Sadly, I don't like it all that much	I like mine.
2	Do you think it would be easy to learn to fly a plane?	Panic.	I like to think of just accept it.. But who knows.	Fly.. It would be awesome.	Sure.. I guess I just don't think I need one, then.	You funny.. No you don't need to force me to do work.
2	Do you think you have a voice that would be good for narration?	Just doing what good friends should haha.	lol IDK people do make fun of it	No I can't sing or scream, or even sing and play guitar at the same time.. I wish I could though.	No I don't care about her feelings.. I just know I'll get hit if I say it	'
2	Every get so frustrated at work that you just want to walk out?	You are not alone my friend.. There are idiots everywhere..	Oh I was learning.. Just that I never wanted to work for that particular part of the company.	Yes sir!. Or ma'am!	I'll keep that in mind next time I head out, that's a great way of looking at it.	I suppose so.. I just hate throwing my sleep schedule off like that.
2	How many cups of coffee do you think you drink in a week?	Twice.	Correct.. I can't stand the taste of coffee	Big fan of Honduran coffee made in a French press	No good coffee in the house and the only tea is sweet tea, which is sickeningly sweet.	I can suck too
2	If you could have tea with one fictional character, who would it be?	The Doctor and do what the Doctor does.. I would be his companion .	As a best friend?. Hmm.	The one where donuts are free..  So much sadness.	The Name of the Wind universe.. Sigh	Skyrim UniverseEdit I want to be able to shout and make people go flying.
2	If you could master any instrument on Earth instantly, what would it be?	I tried trumpet once, it was awful.. Probably wouldn't play any	Trumpet, because I already play it.	Bari sax, all the way	Trumpet so I can play the trumpet solo to Watermelon Man	How to not hate myself so much.. You can get one exotic pet, which one is it?
2	When was a time that you put all your eggs in one basket?	I do this way too often. and I always seem to get hurt one way or another.	Definitely going to try and pick this up.. Thanks for the idea ! 	I'm not saying that it was a good plan ! . It was that or leave.	But don't we put produce and stuff in the fridge? o	Um.. Well I'm not much of a chocolate guy.
2	Do you have a hobby? How did you figure out what you liked doing?	I read a lot, but I've done that for as long as I can remember.. Same thing with movies and music.	It's easy, motorcycles	I have the same struggle..  Sometimes I like to bake, but that hobby could make you fat.	You like working out, but you also smoke electronic cigarettes probably while playing borderlands ! 	Shot in the dark
2	Do you have your own website or blog? What do you publish on it?	I don't write for a blog.. I don't publish.	Leave no evidence behind.	I used penzu for a while	Nope..  It's mine and if they don't like it they don't have to look at it.	There's such a thing as tact, yes.
2	Do you speak more than one language and how well do you speak it?	I speak Japanese and Korean.. My Korean is still at a beginner level.	I speak spanish and english.. What language do think is the hardest?	I speak English and spanish and I am trying to learn German right now	I speak English.. I know a little French.	1. English2.. Norwegian3.
2	Do you think that the type of shows that people watch reflect their personality?	I don't think it does.. I watch a wide range of television shows.	What you are really asking I believe is why do people believe their religion is the truth.. And the answer to that question is more complex than you might want.	Yeah, I feel the same way.. I guess that's just how the game is.	Agree wholeheartedly.	Completely agree.
2	Have you ever set two friends up on a date? (How did it go?)	I agree with him though.. I set some high expectations for myself.	sbstareIt would be a bit hard to be dating over the internet don't you think?	I actually might have a party to go to, but i have a reason not to.. If people would organize stuff like that it would be awesome.	Write him.. At least then you will know.	Make a move so you can either a be with the love of your life or b keep on searching.. How often do you see him though?
2	How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?	On foot. '	My problem is that I have no answer to those.. The future is scary man.	I don't because I don't really care for it	drink.sleep.realize that tomorrow is a brand new day.	Because bad hearing.. I don't know how to explain, I just want to die so I can finally sleep in peace.
2	If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?	Probably Japan.. I love the landscape and the cities and the weather.	Another planet.	Fiji, I just want to sunbathe.	Iowa.. I miss is.	Australia.. The people just seem down to earth there.
2	Are you married? If so, for how long? If not, do you want to be?	Why?. Do you even know him?	Yes sure, cause im not the type to turn down a friendship	I have a wolf on my left thigh	Yes, I would get a tattoo.. Since I'm a cook, I love cooking, and have a passion for it, I would get something to show that.	Yes.. I have a few and want more.
2	Are you very active of do you prefer to just relax in your free time?	Jeez	Skipping rocks ! 	I do a lot of photography.. Why did you cut yourself off?	That's what I'm working on.	thanks, you too.
2	Do you think people could live today if there were still dinosaurs on the planet?	I feel that eventually we will.. Whether it works out is another question entirely.	I hope so, we're going to need a backup plan for when we ruin Earth.	If we manage to avoid any apocalypses on the way, sure.. In fact, we probably have to.	Mars?. Sure.	I did not know that!. Yay!
2	Do you have a phone at home? If not, when was the last time you did?	Felt like 1965	would need to check my history, tbh.. i don't remember off the top of my head ! 	Then get up a walk around.. Or are you stuck to the chair ? 	You're right  and yes he was a regular .. always had the same order	Impossible is nothing.
2	If you were going to make a video to post online, what would it be about? 	I think so.. It would certainly be convenient doing it online.	Thank you very much.. I am overthinking it and that is why starting is so hard.	This.. The world belongs to those who get up, get reading, get doing, go out and grab what they want.	Good point.	haha like what ? 
2	What do you do when you have to tell someone "no" when they ask a favor?	I like it ! 	I wouldn't say "urgently want to be with you" is exactly the phrase I would shoot for, but I agree with the concept.	You must respect your friend's right to be however they want to be..  My theory is that you must accept everyone for who they are, the good, the bad, the ugly.	I would ask her what her favorite dinosaur was.	"I like you."
2	When something is bothering you what do you do to help you not dwell on it?	I feel the same way as you.. I grew up writing and drawing.	gt. What do you do?	My problem is that I have no answer to those.. The future is scary man.	Haha because I want to ! . See what all the hype's about	Do you need to ask?
2	How often do you think about quitting your job and what would you do if you did?	Rarely, I absolutely love my job at the moment.. Thinking about the people I wish I didn't have to work with, on the other hand.	I think about quitting my job every day.. I like what I do therapist, but I don't like my agency.	Every single day.. I would go back to school.	My problem is that I have no answer to those.. The future is scary man.	Security, and I have no idea, I have a job I want to do but it would never happen
2	If you could get tickets to any concert in the whole world, who would you go see?	Another planet.	Probably Japan.. I love the landscape and the cities and the weather.	Iowa.. I miss is.	Fiji, I just want to sunbathe.	Switzerland ! 
2	If you could go out to eat any meal you wanted, for free, where would you go?	Cici's Pizza.. Then just sit and eat all say great pizza and brownies	Johnny Rockets ! 	It's not a dine and dash is it?	White castle.	I would go to The Kailua Pub.
2	If you could say something to your favorite celebrity who would it be and what would you say?	I love you.. Soon P	I would tell her I love her.. Not in a romantic way, but a deep rooted friendship way.	"We should date, yo"	The reason you haven't lost weight isn't because you aren't working out enough.. It is because you eat candy for breakfast and fast food for lunch.	I don't have one.oh
3	Tell me about yourself!	What do you want to know ? 	Hi.. I'm 17 and male.	14, male.. USA. I love basketball.	24 y.o.. brazilian, male.	I have a lot of sockmonkeys.
3	Anything exciting happening this week?	Graduated from secondary school ! 	I was murdered by my astronomy professor.. Death by final exam	I did that same thing a few years ago ! . totally worth it.	Well, i was on a cruise all week, so that was pretty awesome.	Nothing out of the ordinary.. Kind of sad, but maybe something interesting will happen next week.
3	Do you often procrastinate things?	Planning ahead.. I'll give you an example.	I almost almost wrote "let me think about it for a while and get back to you after.. Almost.	Just do it.. If you have too many things, prioritize.	Do you breathe?	I'll respond in a bit
3	Have you ever built something?	I started looking at some people differently because of what they were doing in my dream.	Dreams require sleep.. I don't do that.	Adjust.. Every single time I think I'll never change,but I always end up excepting my new reality.	Many times.	I never thought I would become confident enough to audition for a chorus.. But I did.
3	Have you ever tutored someone? 	You should just find what you love to do and learn to do it well..	brb	Similar except with the fat under our chins.. We don't know the name for it though.	Hell yeah.. Several people.	elizabeth henstridge
3	When have you felt overwhelmed?	2030 somewhere in that range	Do you mean they avoid people of their own ethnicity ? 
3	Are you good at making desserts?	They were very good indeed.. And I'm pretty sure I failed the test	Roast chicken, potatoes and carrots	I write short stories and I play the jazz saxophone.	fifa, photography, and geography	Not caring.
3	Are you handy at fixing things?	he wont be if hes not careful.	1. Calculator2.. Chrome3.	Not unless I am forced to.	It depends on the weather.. I keep soups at work that I can just heat up or add boiling water to.	Hahaha I'll build a cabinet around them .
3	Are you scared of any bugs?	I don't like getting bit. but I think they can be kind of adorable.	no	NOPE. JUST, NOPE.	NO . they all need to die even daddy long legs	Crawdads and having a bug go into my ear
3	Describe yourself in a few words.	Quiet achiever.	Vivacious, compassionate, curious.	Uh.. I. do things.	Curious, Intelligent, Idiot.	Precocious yet insipid
3	Do yo have a selfie stick?	one for the road.	Selfie is self, so no.	I have a jerk.. I mean boyfriend.	Not sure how straight that is, but mancrushes are 100% acceptable.	You look so indifferent and excited at the same time.
3	Do you chat online with strangers?	Practice, man, practice.. Wait, wrong joke.	I have one friend that I ever talk to.	I don't think I would consider people I only semiregularly talk to friends.. To answer your question, none.	I have none.. I am a literal loser.	0
3	Do you regularly brush your teeth?	Or before!	This is genius.. I might have to start doing it.	I do.. It only makes sense to me.	I don't.. But know I have to try it.	No. I brush my teeth before showering.
3	Have you ever been to India?	I went when I was about 7. so I don't think I'll be able to help you much.	The city or the planet?	Go to the big open market.. I can't remember the name.	I haven't.. and I am.	No  it's my dream to go visit, hopefully some day I can go.
3	How do you handle self-critical voices?	1.. Long distance.	Well, I guess it is kind of a safety thing.. I could graduate and then try to go into illustration.	.	I pretty much just dissociate myself	I don't, I tend to try avoid it.. Don't do this. Toughing through fear is a building experience.
3	Can you tell when someone is lying?	Purposeful armleg touch  into you	Ask her.	Get away with lying p	At the moment, no not really.	1.. To be a respected teacher.2.
3	Did you ever learn something new online?	get a job, best way.. A social job
3	Do you ever borrow your friends clothes?	Target, good will, amazon	Value Village	Where in the world are you from?. UK here.	A big and tall shop.. I'm 6'8" so it's the only place I can get actual jeans that fit.	Target for basics.. I love Target.
3	Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?	Nonfiction, mainly	Yes sir.	I love the Classics.. I do have Dracula on my reading list.	I do  Contemporary romance is my choice as well.	mostly
3	Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?	What kind of books do you like?	nah..not yet.	I just go to the library and browse around	I use word to write scripts.. The styles are all there.	It's October.. Time for my annual scary book.
3	Do you think tongue twisters are funny?	About mountain biking or in general?	19? 20 in July.	A big black bug bit a big black bear and the big black bear bled blood.	I'm alright.. Just listening to music.	Why do you say she "seems" cute?That's the weird part right there.
3	Do you think white lies are okay?	yes.. just having a busy life and want to focus 100% on it.	That's much better ! 	The latter, mostly.. I love the beats too.	First, that was the best thing I've ever read.. Second, what are you thinking?	Back At you .. A Heart of Skittles.
3	Do you think you'll live to 100? 	Spend it with my wife.	Take a nice, huge loan and go nuts.	Steal a car, rob a bank and go on a high speed chase while throwing the  out the window	I think..  Drum.	Call up a bunch of people who I'm really missing.
3	Do you use any online streaming services? 	Leave no evidence behind.	I used penzu for a while	Try Llama or Duck ! . It's silly	Organ Trail ! . Fun as hell.	Billionaire and Stick Hero are fun.
3	Have you ever taken a class online?	I guess my music class is pretty cool, even though we don't play the kind of stuff I generally prefer, but it is still fun.. I also do like my physics class a lot for the most part.	Programming.. Or well I was.	Art in high school.	Biology.. I found it interesting and would like to learn more.	Yes.. Can't say it ended well.
3	How do you usually sign your emails?	On foot. '	I know my sign ! . I thought it was super awesome to read about astrology when I was high school.	I know my sign Pieces but that's about it and I don't read much into it.	I really dont check anything that often	Never.. No one ever replies to me.
3	How was life different before smart phones?	It is insane	I love my iPhone.	Because I can, that's why ! 	I don't shop based on price.. The difference isn't enough to come into play.	". As a European" ? 
3	What do you do to alleviate boredom?	Going for a walk is always a good idea..  Especially if you're near any woods.	Cheesy though it may be, I exercise.. Running or lifting, or working the heavy bag.	I live near the ocean so I find it relaxing to go sit by the water.. It has a very calming affect on me.	Smoking while walking outside your house.	Spank the kids
3	What is something you love about yourself?	My lips.	I love my hair, does that count?. It grows out of my body ! 	I love my beard.. I can pretty much grow a full beard in a month or so.	Love my eyes too.. But mine are dark bluegreygreen.	i like my height.. being 6ft6 is pretty nice for a man
3	Are there any sounds that really annoy you?	The latter, mostly.. I love the beats too.	Just don't feel like it I guess.. Well it's 2am	For now, any job would be nice.. Retail, food, anything.	August 16th is my planned date, but I wish I could just go now.	Uhm.. My fists?
3	Are there any TV shows you don't like?	Scrubs is my all time favorite.	Yes.. When clearly they're not.	I like seinfield but I don't watch much TV	I play hayday at the moment.. I also love drawing, especially mudcrabs at the moment.	Web comics ! 
3	Can you name some animals that use camoflage?	He already has a name.. Rudy.	Nice question ! . Hard to decide, so I'll choose two.	I guess if you fund science all the way this might make it possible.. Would be totally worth it.	I tend to say "get with it" a lot.	One every Monday then ! 
3	Do you ever ask older people for advice?	Talk to a girl you like like you want a friend instead of a date.. Also, be VERY subtly suggestive.	Try get people talking about themselves as much as possible..  How was the weekend excited for the weekend	I absolutely hate this.. I totally know how you feel.	Because no latter how welaid your plans are, people will always have their own "ideal" path for you, and will worry when you don't follow it.	i dont want friends, i just have a few already and thats enough. My
3	Do you have any exciting plans for today?	Exciting?. Not really.	Meeting a girl	Probably just gonna relax.. Listen to music, play some games, chat with people, that sort of thing.	Oh.. I'm not sure.	I'm going to try to finish a scarf, ride my  bike, and start learning how to play the guitar again.
3	Do you have any ideas for new inventions?	I enjoy this idea..  I have cooked a lot of food this week	I love to hacky sack.	Looking at clothes, coffee, working out.	Swim, cook, draw.	Airsoft and cycling
3	Do you know of anybody who was assassinated?	I hope i never have the misfortune of seeing him again.	I tried feeding them to 3 other people before throwing the rest away.	Like a criminal Santa	nope, I have not.. c	Muse.. Best show ever.
3	Do you text more or call more? Why?	Yes	I'd love a good email ! 	Yes.	Yes, I can write.. I just can't make any noise with my voice.	Betch.. BETCH, you didn't have to!
3	Do you use a clothes dryer at home?	i dont see why not, i live in a student apartment not a dorm so i keep it in my room, or on the balcony if the weather is nice.	I do.	The software..  I wish I lived in a place with a sauna	Yes, always do.	Yes, always.
3	Have you ever been to a haunted house?	So true.. But so frustrating ! 	So much depends on the hospital.. And then it will depend on the nurses on the schedule.	I had lung surgery last summer..  Was in bed for about a week in a lot of pain.	Interesting.. I have a good friend back from school who is now working and whenever I meet my friend we just pick up where we left off.	Ice cream 3 What's your favorite flavor?
3	Have you ever made anything out of wood?	They are a cover band that perform at a Disney park.	Nope.. Never tried either.	Turning 30 was easy.. So was turning 40.	Are you vacationing in the mid 70's ? 	I started looking at some people differently because of what they were doing in my dream.
3	Have you ever screamed at someone? (How come?)	I am the danger.	Fine, go to a bar right now and go ask someone that question.	Don't worry baby, I'll stay with you 	Be gentle man	i see that now!
3	Have you ever seen dolphins in the wild?	Why would I fight them in the ocean ? The fight would have to happen out of water.	Not yet, but I plan on doing so.	I did not know that!. Yay!	Eh.. That's about it.	Yeah oit in the ocean they can get pretty big, so what's the deal with your fishing ? 
3	Have you ever tried to make some origami?	Tennis and playing piano	Nope, I knew nobody when I was in school.. I don't drink	get a job, best way.. A social job	I tried it, it was like some poor supplement for a brownie not as rich.. So.	Kill a bear.. Make a bear fur coat.
3	What are some things you are scared of? 	Losing control of myself	Not much, so long as whatever it is I don't have to do it alone	Giving up	Human extinction.	Rejection.. Shame. Guilt.
3	Did you encounter anything this week that was inspiring?	I woke up today hungry.. Not just for food, but for life.	I got to drive the firetruck for the first time, so that was pretty cool.	Turned 21 ! 	When you run and look at people in the eyes you see this kind of way to go feeling that only runners can grasp.	I ate some cheesecake.
3	Do you have any pets? What are their names?	I do  I have a dog.. She's just under a year old, and I credit her entirely as the reason I get up in the morning.	Sort of.. I stay with my family part of the time, and they have several dogs and cats.	Nah.. Just plants.	I have two pets.. A cat and a Dog.	Web comics ! 
3	Do you think animals experience emotions like people do?	I want to be left alone, I don't want to BE alone.	Going to a theme park, and seeing a movie in the cinema ! 	I drink alone, quite often.. Not that I'm depressed or have no one to drink with ! 	I theme park alone constantly.. Travel alone.	Going to concerts is always more fun alone.
3	Do you think capital punishment is a good punishment?	Why do you feel that way?	Lets see.. Unpaid work?	Not to mention I was not at a party of any kind.. There's a reason why I was asking for just a normal conversation with someone.	Being unable to make things work with one specific girl.	I dream every now and then.. I can count on one hand all of my dreams that didn't ruin my mood temporarily.
3	Do you think illegal downloading is a big problem?	I'll just get a second opinion then..  Which in itself is terrifying.	I need 3.50	I have one ! !. I love it!	Never said I didn't lie	I want to make a lot of money doing nothing.. Now that's a dream.
3	Do you think it's offensive to call people "crazy'?	Win custody of my children.	Going to Ireland this summer.	Get a first in my university grade.. Which would be great.	I'm going or at least try to learn the piano.	You shouldn't have to justify not having kids now or ever.. I hate that.
3	Have you ever been in a really bad airport?	Family, property, job.. Pretty much the same.	So much depends on the hospital.. And then it will depend on the nurses on the schedule.	I had lung surgery last summer..  Was in bed for about a week in a lot of pain.	Yes.. With one of my former roommates.	I think it depends on the club.. At mine, we're all pretty nice to each other.
3	What do you usually do on New Year's day?	It depends.. Does my SO have nothing to do during the day either?	Enjoy your free time.. I spend my time Googling stuff, social media and walking the dog.	I usually think about how empty my life is.. And then consume media	In bed.	List all the things you want to do.. Circle the ones you can afford.
3	What is your favorite regional cuisine in the world?	Sushi.	Burritos.	Home.. The only place where I can pick your nose and walk around halfnaked without being judged.	Here.	Berlin.. I love the city, the surrounding area, the food, the people.
3	Are emotions necessary for human survival? Why or why not?	I'm not sure, how do I tell?		No excuses?. Why not?	The concept of a soul is so odd.. What do most people even think a soul is?	Man, i feel you.. I'd say, try out different hobbies and just be out there and live.
3	Are there any words that you think are completely international?	"ganna" instead of "going to".	I hate it when people talk down to me.. Don't be condescending.	True.. Hahahah	Planet Earth.	Thank you, have a nice Christmas too ! 
3	Are there are any societal norms you want to change? 	Haha very true!. Janes a great character to be fair!	I mean this is all in my head haha.	People who always try to one up you, and have to be better than you at everything.	Thank you very much.	Well, the center of it is the idea that future people are more important than present people, but present people are the origin of future people, so then present people also must be protected.
3	Are you happy? What about your life makes you happy? 	I don't know.. But when I'm and adult I hope I will know.	I don't even know anymore	Being alone and relaxing with some Anime or video games.	Why do you ask?. Well, a number of things.	Being with friends.. Cooking and eating a nice meal.
3	Do you have any habits you wish you could erase?	I do believe.. I also believe I really should sleep.	I know that!How do you go asking ? . Do you just ask or is it some code word?	Which is exactly why I still went for it ! 	wait what?	Yeah, I do..  Probably go to the movies, maybe.
3	Do you think homephones could be improved in any way?	Hm.. A little of both haha.	I mean.. Kind of.	I don't make decisions because I don't care either way.	I try to pick up hobbies but I feel like the main issue is human interaction beyond school and work.	Good outlook ! . I agree.
3	Does everyone in your immediate family have the same name?	Nah, I live in the internet	How's it going, Alex Smith ? 	You can never be too safe.	Yes, except for some months abroad as an exchange student.	I had to hunt the back of my mind for the answer, but is it Hunter?
3	Have you ever won an award? What was it for?	A car.. Twice, actually.	nope, I have not.. c	Muse.. Best show ever.
3	At what point do you decide to upgrade your cell phone?	When mine stops working .	Every two years when I get my new phone on contract.	I really enjoy Crossy road and animal escape.	Clash of mo'fuggin Clans ! 	I probably wouldn't do it.. I don't think my past self would believe that the text was really from my future self
3	Can you be homesick for somewhere that was never your home?	New Orleans.. I was there the week before and when Katrina hit.	Can confirm this is totally and completely possible..  Hope you make it back home soon.	the big apple.. New York City	New York City.. If I could live there, I would.	Home and sick.
3	Do you ever have funny or interesting thoughts in the shower?	Yeah.. I spoil her.	Joke of the day..  Q	Find a cat.. Squeeze cat.	Well, shoot.. Thanks!
3	Do you have a controled diet or do you eat freely?	I get the urge every once in a while. but I don't get to go out often as I have 3 kids and drinking at home alone isn't much fun for me.	Sneaking in snacks AND movie hopping  the way to go	I eat my fit foods.	Central Park is great to walk around and bask in nature.. Make sure to walk around the lake ! 	For me it doesn't matter.. They are always there.
3	Do you think Las Vegas would be a good vacation spot?	Going to Japan.. Enjoying the view and culture.	Going to Ireland this summer.. Eventually, I want to go to the Galapagos.	I thought the same thing	I would love to do that ! . Then I would consider speaking French a necessity.	haha.. deal!. And I do tend to make my way north relatively often
3	Do you think people immigrating to your country make it better?	Can I leave behind crippling self doubt?	My pillow.. Are you limited in what you can bring? Where you going?	I would bring my dog, my computer, my necklace, and my great grandmothers drawing.. I would leave every bad memory behind.	Yes.. I have a pretty large group of friends.	Nah, I don't really care much.
3	Do you think people who are good at math are smarter?	Of course.. Every one is different and experiences different things.	Wish I could learn arabic.. Also wish I could find time to take kick boxing classes.	Yes.	Overall, doing great.. It is nice to have the stability of a permanent job.	Traveling can also help
3	Do you think walking is good exericse? Better than weight training?	4 day weight lifting split for ~45 minutes 56 days a week.	For the rest of his life hopefully!!	Security, are you in college?. Or in between jobs?	708.. On the bus to school.	1054am, packing for a weekend trip out of town to visit family and go to a music festival D
3	Have you ever been vegetarian? What did or would you eat?	Yes.. I made soup an hour ago and there was a whole, dead bug in it.	Does a whole jar of Nutella count?
3	Have you ever fantasized about changing your first name? To what?	I worked a great deal.. Too many hours.	I am just about to start my day.so far, so good though	Nothing really.. I'm about to go to bed, Good night.	Been good so far.. And I feel productive at work today.	get a job, best way.. A social job
3	How can you take your mind off of something or someone?	Find another special someone.	We can pick the time over here.. Where are you based yourself?	Yes ! . So few people seem to understand this!	I meditate and do yoga	Nope.. I don't have a crush on anyone.
3	How do you show others how much you care for them?	My problem is that I have no answer to those.. The future is scary man.	pull their pig tails and run away when they get mad	Say hi.. Talk to them.	you dont, best advice.	Good point. but I guess its a self esteem issue now that I think about it .
3	How long does it take your phone battery to run down?	the whole day pretty much morning to whenever i finish.. I have a note 4 and i love it.	Oh god, I don't even want to try to guess.. Way too much.	I'd hazard a guess at somewhere around the 50 mark..	Idk it just seemed so positive.	What
3	Is there something out there that disgusts you? What is it?	I clean rooms.	1221am	929 AM	Darude  Sandstorm	Nevermind P
3	Are there are special traditions or customs in your country surrounding death?	Well, there is a whole big world other than the west.	yes	New Zealand	How does Prince manage it?	Really ? . Where are you from?
3	Did you ever get a really bad haircut? What did you do? 	Go to sleep	Mines real simple.. Ed	Suki.. It's a mix of my first and middle name.	Carebear or Care.. Because of my first name.	Clem.. For Clementine.
3	Do you have a favorite quote? What makes it resonate with you?	"The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result"	"Yes, of course.. Who has time?	"If i was simple in the mind everything would be fine" My life.	"Your life is your own.. Rise up and live it"	"The difference between comedy and tragedy is perspective"
3	Do you have any personal rituals for the end of the year?	15, graduate, get my drivers permit	I'm 37.. The only goal that I really have for this year is to find another job.	I'm 20.. I hope to finish up my associate's degree in the fall and graduate by then, so I could transfer next spring	Turning 25 in two weeks.. Want to get a job this year.	I'm 60, working full time .. The rest of the year will be absorbed with work, some vacation time in the fall.
3	Do you have good vision? If not, do prefer contacts or glasses?	I'm single.. Just the one friend knows.	Anxious to get it over with.. I know it might sound crazy I guess it is?	Is it true if you don't use it, you lose it?	Can you tell me what this thing on my butt is?	RN here.good luck
3	Do you think pets are good or bad for kids to have?	No, I'd like to find a wife though.	I don't want any kids.. There's already too many people in the world already.	Yes.. When clearly they're not.	It really depended on the place ! . And the shift.
3	Have you been to a fine dining restaurant? What did you order?	Dat feeling	Not bad at all.. Nope.	Their website is humphreys.nl, and i dont know yet	Any of their wraps are delicious as well as the club sandwich.	Great idea, I'm doing it ! 
3	How can you make someones day when they are really far away?	Things I do Listen to music.. I always forget how powerful it is.	Complement other people.	Listen to music and pet my dogs.	I try to help other people out.. I draw a lot of my mood from the environment I'm in.	Thank you for the advice.. People have been very kind
3	How do you get motivated and stay that way without losing focus?	Simple.. I don't .	I try to work at a different place than I relax.. That way I get into the mind set of working when I'm out of the house.	Get out of the house.. If I can, I would love to declutter my house.	that's a solid point.. Thank you ! 	this is a good way to put it.
3	How would you live your life if money was not an issue?	Same job but parttime, set all of my family up, and travel, travel, travel.	I would live in a small house in a beach community, and open my own small business of some kind.. I would travel here and there.	Pay off my loans not much, but they exist.. Get a car, probably a Tesla.	Reading and watching movies.. I would probably write a review blog too.	Never.. Work.
3	Is public transportation in your area convenient? How could it be better?	I don't think so, they are way too spread out for public transportation which is pretty bad there tbh	Thank you ! . Navigating a new country is really rough.	Warm and sunny, which is pretty standard for Florida.	Houston.so.not great	Hot and humid.. Worst kind of weather.
3	What would happen if you deleted all of your social media accounts? 	Nope.	Because I don't want to compare my life with anyone else.	If it's for your own peace of mind I say to do it.	Yes and no.. Of course if it hurts you then it might be a good idea to consider it.	i could start using it again lol
3	Any tips on finding out what you want to do with your life?	it will find you just keep searching	What's your dream or goal?. Even if it's the most ridiculous thing don't hesitate to say it.	All I know is I want MORE.	I want to build my own city..  On a cheap place of land somewhere I want to build a city.	I wanna rock ! 
3	Are you more likely to procrastinate a task or to finish it early?	Maybe?. Who knows.	Thanks ! 	School is different because much of the work is done at home, but I think I can mimic what happens at work.. When I get home, I could get straight to work and stay working.	I know I know!. I wish I can take vacation, but I can't.	Hopefully, in July.
3	Do you do your own laundry or does somebody do it for you?	Nope.	I want to go into school psychology.	I play some video games.. Maybe a couple of hours per day.	I play the guitar often ! . Both acoustic and electric.
3	Do you think factory work will be done by humans for much longer?	Another hour	yeh we can add in.	that's a solid point.. Thank you ! 	Ask Gorge Lucas	This would have been my first paying job
3	How much do you think you spend on groceries in an average month?	I probably spend about 10 a month on gas?. I put 20 in every 23 months so close enough.	75 a month, give or take 25.. However, that's about to go up quite a bit because I'm in the process of buying a new truck.	About 100 a month..  20 fillups every five days or so.	0 ! . I don't have a car, and usually I walk or bike around.	Right now.. 100 a month I think?
3	If you could have 3 wishes, what would you wish for? And why?	1. UDHR enforced for every single human being on earth..  2.	1 passport 2 super intelligence 3 pepperoni pizza	1 to be rich.. That way I can buy a house, car, pay for school, have a wedding.	1.. No debt.2.	1.. I wish to know what would make me happy.2.
3	What do you do if you meet panhandlers or beggars in the street?	Eminem.. I don't know if I'd approach him cause I feel like he wouldn't like it.	I like Finland but the long and dark winter is not cool.. I like to cycle a lot so snow and ice is not really ideal.	I also live in Florida.. Up around the Gainesville area.
3	What is one of your favorite topics to talk about with your friends? 	Graphic Design and Gaming.	Talking about space is very interesting because the topics never seem to end and there is always something to talk argue about.	Quan.. Tum.PHYSICS	I love to talk about electronic music.. I also know very, very few people who are into it like I am.	Tv Shows
3	What is something that you do regularly that is a waste of time?	Fish.. I like fish but not as pets.	Bears.. A lot of people find them neat and cute but I think that a bear would kill you and eat you without even second guessing it.	Pandas.	Dogs.. They just seem so needy, and take so much effort.	Dolphins.. Terrible animals.
3	When you have too much going on, any advice on how to refocus?	IMO. If you can't control it, don't spend time worrying about it.	A big part of it is to talk, not argue.. You can disagree, but there has to be this mutual respect and understanding not to start showing your anger in the wrong ways.	If by history you mean relationships then no and if you mean history class then also no	Well I can help with 6.. I did that myself last year.	What type of club were you thinking of making ? 
3	Do you think it's better to travel by land or air to a destination?	So the value would be a personal value and not a money value ? . Hmm.	Europe.. All of it.	Ireland or scotland ! 	Came here to say Japan.	I don't think so, they are way too spread out for public transportation which is pretty bad there tbh
3	Do you think your country makes enough of an effort to use green energy?	The jobs I want to do don't pay much music and teaching.. There's always some use for extra money.	Ugh, physics sucks.	I like you.. To cleaning I go ! 	I did this.. At 18 I drop out of school to get a job  a programming job ha !  .	Why the lawyer
3	do your parents had a favorite kid? do you have a favorite family member?	My dad definitely favors my little sister.. Don't know what it is	Paul.	A bit of yes and no but since they are in a different country, visiting is expensive.	What's your favorite manga and why ?	I love whales ! . Whales are super neat.
3	Have you ever grown vegetables? If not, what would you like to try growing? 	Wanted to become a cop.. Became a pilot.	I used to want to be a helicopter pilot.. Now I'm studying finance.	didn't know then, don't know now.	Batman.	Something other than this.
3	Have you ever had a psychic reading? Did you believe it? Was it accurate?	Muse.. Best show ever.	nope, I have not.. c	None at all!. Not sure why.	I once punched a seagull.
3	Have you ever reconnected with an old friend after a long period of time?	I have a friend who I grew up with.. His dad was always working, so he would always be at my house.	I hope you like your new roommate ! 	I bet she was so happy to see you.	Interesting.. I have a good friend back from school who is now working and whenever I meet my friend we just pick up where we left off.	I can definitely understand that.. I moved from home to my apartment after way too long.
3	What languages do you guys speak? Or what language would you like to learn?	I speak English and spanish and I am trying to learn German right now	I speak spanish and english.. What language do think is the hardest?	I speak English.. I know a little French.	I speak Japanese and Korean.. My Korean is still at a beginner level.	German, English, little bit french, russian and polish swearing only D
3	Are you happy with your job choice? Would you have done something different looking back?	Yep but I take a 10 dollar pay cut.	I work on an accounting staff for a furniture distributor.. Overall, I like my job.	I work as a calculus tutor at my university.. I LOVE it.	At a retail store in a mall.. No I don't like my job, rather I hate every minute I'm here.	I work at GameStop ! I love my job.. Well, most of the time.
3	How do you keep a conversation going when the other person invovled isnt very talkative?	Hahaha, I like your latter reasoning.. I have to ask, are you American ? 	That's great!. I love to sing.	I see.. My misunderstanding.	Young people think everything is a big deal.	I do stuff like that everyday.
3	What kind of app do you think you need for your phone? Make one up!	iPhone 4	htc one mate	Galaxy S5	iPhone 6	iPhone 5C
3	When is a time that you felt useless and what did you do about it?	Your kind words are comforting.. Thank you for your support.	And I forgot to ask you a question.. Who do you hate the most in this world and why?	I was a tired and quite stressed at the time.. I believe that cause the sudden anger.	I get hit on by women often, and I'm not even that good looking.	Uh. I. have gold I guess?
3	Who is your favorite author and why? What are some of their more popular works?	69You know why	My favorite French author.. tough choice.	My favourite thing is reading.. I also love doing hair, which is my job.	My favorite thing is hugs.. I know.	Food.. Writing.
3	Did you ever meet someone online? How did it go and where are you two now?	get a job, best way.. A social job	University is great.. I study Mech.
3	Do think it would be more fun or scary to go around the Earth in space?	I used to.. I need to buy another one.	What sort of terrible occurrences have you suffered that make you think that ? 	It would be amazing.	Well, where do you live?.  It's a pretty expensive flight up to Glacier, probably about 500 round trip.	For first dates, I actually like doing a movie and then dinner.. That way if you find the conversation is lacking you can always talk about the movie.
3	Do you have something that is super important to you that no one else cares about?	Yes  the Jacksonville Jaguars.	Myself	Let's see.. too many items to number.	Not really, I'm pretty open about what I like	Wrestling.
3	How do you think the first passengers on the first passenger flight felt during take off?	Great mindset ! . I know what you mean.	Good idea.. I might pull an all nighter Friday night since I fly out Saturday	if its setup.. the chance is high.	Once we left port, we were quite far from land.. Smooth cruise though.	Can I ask which band ? 
3	What is the best gift you have ever gotten on a holiday or for your birthday? 	listen to some of your favorite songs, always fun.	I like cake.. I didn't get any last year	First, Happy BDay.. Hope you have a good one.	A chair.. A sandwich.	actually all of mine this year are pretty on point
3	Do you have a song that you listen to when you get angry or bitter about something?	In terms of music it was a really long time ago.. and I feel sad like this way too often.	The ABC's all the time	As a composer of music.. Yes.	The jingle for the Kia Soul.	"Lets go to the beach"?. Sounds like a happy tune.
3	Do you think you could drive on the opposite side of the road than you do normally?	daw thanks	I didn't read this until today, but you seem like a cool guy, and thanks for the encouragement.	I think I can pull that one off, although there's only going to be one person there that I know.	Im american. .. Hahah.	I haven't ! . I'm sure I will, though!
3	Have you guys ever lived in a country far away from your home? What was it like?	I got that impression of the place, to be honest.	Heh.. Sorry to disappoint if you were looking for a juicy story.	Well, I guess so.. Moved when I was in grade 2.	Ice cream 3 What's your favorite flavor?	We say that in New Zealand too.
3	If you had to live as an animal, what kind of animal would you want to be? 	Pandas because they are the swoliest	A tiger, but it would have to not want to eat me or other people.	A wolf or a giant panda.	A dragon.. Because flying.	If I got to choose, I would morph into a bird.. You?
3	Do you think it would be harder to learn a spoken language or a sign language from birth?	I had to learn sign language.. The teacher didn't speak a word.	Khmer D	Does the language of love count?	FrenchEnglishSpanish	Mother tongue  Czech.. Second language  English.
3	What do you think is the coolest thing about you? Is it a very unique trait of yours?	1 month gold.. Or were you asking what I sent to my secret santa match?	I'm not sure.. I'm always cold?	I have been reading fan fiction for 15 years ! 	I voluntarily take exams for my job.. And I love it.	Ever watch classic doctor who?
