1	How are you?	Hello, I'm a bit bored and quite lonely atm.. I'm in Amsterdam until Tuesday catsitting for my sister, but I don't really have anything to do apart from reading.	I am great ! . On a train to see my best friend today after finishing my finals.	tiredwould you rather fall off a bridge or jump off a cliff?	I'm well.. How are you?	Pretty good. Yourself?
1	What's your hobby?	I've been gaming lately as well, but since I don't have internet at my house, I never get to enjoy the online experience.. When I do get to play online, I'm usually playing Mortal Kombat X or GTA5O.I just started playing Assassins Creed Black Flag.	Watching youtubers.	I draw or sketch.	I play video games, watch anime, draw, and cosplay.. A friend and I are thinking of creating our own doujin.	Flying airplanes.
1	What's your name?	Ana	David	I'm not comfortable putting it online and associated with this account.	Kris !  Kristin	Amber ! 
1	Did you have lunch? 	Fried egg on toast with swiss cheese and roast beef on top	Ham and cheese and an apple.. I think the cheese was a bit too rich for me, I'm still recovering from a fever.	Homemade avocado, lime, cilantro salsa with ground chicken over lettuce.. Keto Week 2 ! 	Soup and noodles with veggies.. Nothing too exciting today.	Turkey sandwich with provolone cheese and mustard
1	Do you enjoy flying?	Yeah, it's fun.	Absolutely.. Ever since I started hiking, I feel like I should be around nature more often.	Yeah, I like the music, and picking up the moves are easy enough for me, but the main thing is that I get to spend time with my friend who is about to graduate soon.	Some days i do, most days its the last thing on my mind.. School has that affect	I do.. It's emotional and is aging my body and sometimes my mind, but the animals are worth it.
1	Do you ever gamble?	I used to.. The biggest I won on one deal was on 3card poker.	Yeah, online.. Think stuff like TF2 crates.	I used to play a game called RuneScape, and on there you could essentially gamble, and I would always do that.. I'd go big, make loads, save what I came in with, and eventually lose everything	I've gambled a handful of times, maybe 7 or 8..  The most I've won is 160 profit.	I hardly ever carry cash on me so that is a good deterrent for gambling a lot for me.. Every once in a while though when I have a spare two bucks on me I'll get a two dollar scratch ticket at work.
1	Do you recycle well?	uh.. I am not at liberty to say	No.. I'm a realist... I was speaking for a person that thinks they can change ! 	no	Yes!. I have my parents fill up a plastic bag with crushedup, empty water bottles the more crushed in the bag the more it can carry, right?. Then when the bag is filled I drop the bag of bottles off to any of my school's recycling bins.	Slack.dastard?
1	How are you doing?	Not feeling great to be honest.. Hope you're doing alright yourself.	It's my bday today so that's awesome ! . But I was up super late last night	It's rainingsnowing now so I'm just staying in today, I'm hoping that I can be busy by the end of the week as I had a seemingly successful interview for a seasonal job.. I'm a bit nervous about how that will go but at the same time relieved that I have been accepted for once.	Up and down.. Work is stressful but the weekend was super good and next weekend will be too.	Kind of annoyed, have been battling with insomnia a lot lately.. I just finished my finals last week
1	How are you today?	Excited to take a shower.. I haven't been able to due to plumbing issues.	Realizing that it's 5am here and I should probably go to sleep..	Just got into work..  Happy Friday everyone ! 	I am great ! . Waiting on breakfast to finish up.	Been awake for about 18 hours because I can never sleep.. But I feel great.
1	How's the weather today?	It's rainy and a bit chilly.	Brisbane, Australia.. Finally starting to cool down here after like, 9 months of Summer.	Sunny, but cold again.. It hit 0 C yesterday which was super nice for a change, but we're back down to 15C this morning  Gotta love that Canadian weather	It's chilly but sunny here in WI today, blue skies.	Italy, the sun's shining and birds are chirping and it's starting to get hot out.. So in other words, it's pretty miserable.
1	What is your dream?	I would love to be an artist, a tattoo artist, author, comic book author, video game developer, musician, so nothing too extreme	I'd like to live somewhere I can see the water..  Big water, where I can't see the other side, and there's waves.	To not experience heartbreak anymore and settle down in life.. I don't care about the hardships.	most achievable publish a graphic novel semirealistic make as many people happy as possibletoo far to reach stop the environment from deteriorating and find a way for everyone to love and appreciate others	I dream of being able to travel freely around the world and know a lot of languages.. Do you like beer and chocolate?
1	Do you ever insult people?	Various reasons..  Ultimately I am neither famous nor successful.	"Read a book dude."	I understand what you mean when you say it still bothers you.. I hate when people are too stupid to be insulted.	I typically just roll my eyes, mutter something about how they're literally too stupid to insult and move on.	I don't say anything and just walk away.. You cant argue with stupid people.
1	Do you get sick often?	I such it up and continue to work.. Unless it's serious.	First day, I feel sorry for myself, watch TV or a movie, eat soup, and have ginger ale and tea.. Second day is a repeat, emphasis on the soup and ginger ale.	I usually watch series or movies, be alone and rest in the bed	Depends what you mean by sick.. Last time I was physcially sick Ie Vommiting I spent the day breathing heavily in silenceWith a cold?	If it was just a cold, then my parents would still send me to school.. Now when I get a cold, I just sleep all day.
1	Do you like drinking wine?	Sierra Nevada my fave but if i'm at home I'll just drink whatever I have in the fridge which basically means whatever's cheapest at the liquor store	Sam Adams Summer Ale	I can't remember, sorry.. It was in Bulgaria, so most likely a local brew.	That ability to not 'make a frowny face' when drinking a spirit is a perk of alcoholism.. But for me drinking is almost always about where I am.	What I drink depends on my mood, who I am with and the setting.. Generally I drink beer but if the situation calls for another drink then that's fine.
1	Do you like winter weather?	I live in Florida with my Northern grandparents.. They are never as excited about going up to Massachusetts during the winter as I am.	I love cold weather ! . Skiing and wearing warm clothes and playing in the snow are awesome.	No me gusta.	Also, this may sound weird but I like pretending my supplies are scarce and I'm walking back to my safehouse after scavenging for supplies on my walk home from school.	I hate winter and it's not even that cold here.. Cold to us is low 50s F. It doesn't snow here, only rains.
1	Do you often get mail?	Several times a day, usually.. When I haven't checked the site in a while, it's less.	Uh. it's a buffet.. Mostly veggies, soy burger and some more chinese dishes.	On foot. '	I wish.. Its a newfoundland.	Usually twice a week.. Or whenever I need to compose away from home.
1	How are you feeling today?	Vindicated.. The owner of the company I work for gave out a new timesheet for us to use that is weird and stupid, and when my boss found out he said "no that's stupid use your usual one".	Today was day one of my spring exercises.. I woke up this morning ready to lose my winter pouch on my belly ! 	I've been pretty good..  Everything's starting to get better so I'm more so happy about that.	Pretty good ! . I've got the day off, and I've covered just about all of my nagging errands that I've been putting off.	It's drinking day ! . D
1	How fast can you type?	78, English	I'm on my phone right now so I can't do the test.. English is my native language, and I average about 80 with numbers and punctuation, about 100 without.	80 WPM	I did English, got 100WPM.. This isn't the best word count test, just because there aren't any complicated words or using things like quotation marks, commas, etc.	I got 118
1	what day is it today? 	I thought about that. but I kept seeing all the selfies.	I have class tomorrow and I can't wait ! 	Last day of vacation before I go back to work tmrrw .. Kind of depressing, but oh well.	Pretty good ! . My Colts are winning.	I'm doing fine and i'd love to talk ! . How are you doing?
1	What did you do today?	Today kind of sucked for me.. last night I restored my iphone to factory settings.	I've been watchin gravity falls and studying things for finance class.. Did you take a picture of your crop circle?	Spent all day hunting for my next job, applied to maybe another 30 places.. Got ballsy on one lead and emailed the Creative Director directly and got an email straight back about a phone interview next week.	Up at 3am, got to work just after 4am.. Drive bus til Noon.	Well, I woke up, cut my hair, went to the gym and did the most counter productive thing after the gym.. I went and ate pizza with a friend.
1	What is your ethnic background?	1. US2.. US3.	Murican  In the deep southOhioScotsIrishGerman	1. USA2.. USA3.	1. California, USA2.. California, USA3.	1. Aus2.. Aus3.
1	What is your favorite color?	Royal Blue.. Why?	Gray because it's also a unit in the SI.	Green~ Because the green SPD Power Ranger is awesome.	For me it has always been purple.. I don't really know why	Dark blue
1	What is your favorite fruit?	Bananas.. They're a cool color, they come in a nice package, they're delicious, and actually make me want to eat fruit.	Pomegranates.. I break out all the arils the edible seed part into a bowl and refrigerate them.	Apples, just love them.. No matter what Apples are the way to go forward.	Mango	Non, Im allergic
1	What is your favorite meal?	Probably Indian curry and rice.. I love spicy food ! 	I had mashed potatoes today.. Man I love mashed potatoes.	NC pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese.	I like pasta with meat as well ! . My favorite meal is lasagne.	Pizza, always pizza.. Thin pizza, fat pizza.
1	What is your favorite movie?	I cant decide between, Into the wild or interstellar !  Yours?	I have many favorites, but the one I always seem to come back to is In Bruges..  If you could alter one decision you made this week, what would it be?	Hey gdaman22  !  It would have to be the classic Breakfast at Tiffanys !. What about you ?	Catch me if you can, yours?	My favorite bad movie is the classic so bad it's good movie, Plan 9 from Outer Space.. I've loved it since high school.
1	What is your favorite sport?	Gymnastics, there are no "teams" but I like Aly Raisman	Love playing and watching soccer.. Huge Arsenal fan.	Track and FieldAthletics.. No real teams but most athletes come across as likeable.	Track and Field.. There are no real teams but I like the runners in the Nike Oregon Project training group, Jake and Zane Robertson twin brothers who moved to Kenya to chase the dream, Molly Huddle, Nick Willis, Leo Manzano, Alexa Efraimson, and Bernard Lagat.	HOCKEYVANCOUVER CANUCKSCOCONUTS GLOW
1	Are you afraid of the dark?	Not really.. I think dark as a friend.	Maybe as a little kid, my mom still has the night light that was once in my room.. I don't know if it's something I grew out of or what.	Not if I'm trying to sleep, but I hate the dark and night time.. Which is a total downer because I'm totally nocturnal by nature.	Always have been.. As long as I have another person with me I'm fine, but I'm scared in my own house in the dark if I'm alone.	Yes, the only place I'm not afraid of the dark in, is my bedroom.. I guess it's because it's so small compared to the other rooms.
1	Can you stand on your head?	Gunpowder and jerky, and everything manly, that's what beards are made of	PageKennedy's vine 	Is it bad for your eyes to readwatch things upside down?. That's what I've always been told.	Currently laying on my back on my phone.at some point it will happen.	i try to lay on my stomach for this reason
1	Did you eat a snack today?	2 spicy chicken sandwiches	It is 20 to noon, so I will likely have a Pie and soft drink for lunch.	I had a big Mac, fries, and a sprite.. Not the healthiest.	Two slices of pizza too ! . haha but a gatorade and a piece of coffee cake.	Morphine ! !Pizza sounds good.
1	Do you have a favorite food?	Paul.	Not really, at the moment I pretend to be in holidays so I drink a lit if Heineken, but I don't really have a single preferred beer	Can't really say I have a specific favorite and it does somewhat change with the seasons.. But as its winter I usually go for something on the stronger side.	Yeah I eat it.. Most of the time I just make something up.	pretty much never I hate sport, so I don't like any Mode, an artist who is really awesome, supportive, and is toptier, despite what he does being a bit strange
1	Do you have a middle name?	Claire.	Why ? 	My middle name is Bryn, it's kind of a weird middle name to have in my opinion.. I wouldn't change it tho, it's unique.	I actually like my middle name ! . It's Joy.	I don't have a middle name..  All my friends call me by my nicknames.
1	Do you have a strong memory?	I do ! . With voices especially.	Bad memory.. I'm 18.	I say go for it ! . I tend to write everything down.	Well here it goes.. I was 17 and my girlfriend at the time was 15 I think im not sure 100% either way because its been forever.	I had a long haired cat that used to get mats of fur on its back.. So I decided to try to help by cutting them out with scissors.
1	Do you know any sign language? 	Dover den?	Yeah im gonna go to bulgaria eventually.. planning to go to Finland at for winter so I might pop up here and there at Europe	Well, I can read and write it and since that was QuranMuslims holy book, I understand what's being saidlearnt the translationBut. no, I don't speak Arabic	I'm embarrassed to admit that I can only really describe myself as being fluent in English.. I can get by when it comes to readingwritingspeaking Spanish, but I struggle understanding it when it's spoken.	English and Mandarin.. Though, my Mandarin could use a bit work.
1	Do you know your blood type?	Haha no, it's where I have too much iron in my blood.. Removing blood and letting my body replenish it gradually reduces the iron buildup.	Yes, but it's not that I practised, I just got used to do it to type faster.	Automod demands sacrafice ! . Hey eftl!	The necklace is just a thin silver chain, and the ring is also silver.. It's just a plain ring with one engraved line in the middle.	My right middle finger has an unlimited cracking feature.
1	Do you like to follow fashion?	Overall?I enjoy listening to video game anime music at times.. I don't have a set band or singer that i like.	Usually only when I'm travelling, like on a long train journey or flight or something.. I read about 3 books in 9 months in Australia, mainly because I needed something to do whilst relaxing on my days off work.	I love to writEsingtake video and picsdraw and pastille	I have OCs that I draw all the time.. Each with skills and personalities that make them unique, in a world that I have been imagining and adding to for several years.	I'm not the best artist, but I draw a lot during class.. My favorite things to draw are legs, feet, and people.
1	Do you think water is expensive?	Hot or cold?	Mostly equipment and travel costs.	The heat makes the exercise easier yet more rigorous at the same time.	If he's in California, there's serious drought conditions over there.. Otherwise, I don't have any ideas.	Don't know exactly why, but everyone has been having problems with things backing up recently.
1	How can every help the environment?	To be completely honest, probably just luck.. I was born with a really full hand.	The waiting list for the housing is 10 years, i'm on the list, but there's nothing available.. I have asked and am registered everywhere, the government here pretends they help people with disabilities but it's a sham	Not necessarily.. I find most of my problems stem from failure within communities.	Dwarf fortress actually.	Stop using bottled water.. Most bottled water comes from California and we really can't afford to be exporting it right now.
1	How many people in your family?	5	3, how about you?	Are ya gonna rob their house?. Should also ask for all the points of ingress and egress.	My metro area has about two million people,  with about sixty thousand at my university alone.. It's simultaneously lovely and boring.	I live in a giant spread out suburb with 160,0 inhabitants, if you combined all the populations within my county there are 2 million inhabitants.. I like how my city is divided but I wish the transportation was better like 10x better, you can't get anything done without a car here c
1	What are you up to today?	It's the "odd" day of the week being Wednesday, so I have architecture studio classes, but other than that, I'm glad the weekend is almost here ! . I also plan on getting Soap today, so that will be my hallmark achievement if I get it done.	I went to the gym this morning, did some voluntary work at our local foodbank and now I'm chilling out with some wine and some food on the go.	I've been okay today..  I'm at school and I'm trying to keep my anxiety level to a minimum.	I just got railed at work by a supervisor for something that wasn't my fault.. I took it and didn't point fingers.	Studied a lot.. Now I am going to hang out with some friends.
1	What did you eat for lunch?	mozzarella sticks with hot sauce, and chocolate milk.	Taco bell nachos	Rou Jia Mou.. A Chinese sandwich item filled with meat and spices.	It is 20 to noon, so I will likely have a Pie and soft drink for lunch.	2 spicy chicken sandwiches
1	What did you have for breakfast?	Coffee.. Mountains of coffee.	Salted caramel hot chocolate with espresso and a chewy bar.. A working woman's breakfast.	I haven't eaten breakfast yet, I'm waiting for my sister to wake up so I can ask to have some of her pop tarts ! Edit update  she actually is out and left before I woke up at 8am!. but I did get official permission to have the pop tarts!	I had a twix, wow I should really look for something more nutritive.	A banana and some saltines.. Breakfast is totally a foreign concept to me, but I'm working on it haha.
1	What do you do for fun?	I. I've been binge watching The Office.. I do play some League of Legends with friends, but that's it.	I watch a lot of sports.. Once you get into how a sport works it's extremely fun to watch.	Who doesn't like driving around for hours and hours?. That's my favorite activity ! 	Read comics, watch movies, listen to podcast, volunteer at the library	I watch a lot of TV and play video games.. Sometimes I do both at the same time.
1	What is your favorite breakfast food?	Crepes.. With lemon and sugar.	Salmon and scrambled eggs ! 	Eggs and toast !   Usually with a banana too..  I love it	For stuff to have most days, I'd say porridge with Nutella, golden syrup or jam.. But if we're talking generally, there's not much better than a proper fryup with a cup of tea	Pancakes, eggs, bacon, and hash browns
1	What is your favorite movie series?	I cant decide between, Into the wild or interstellar !  Yours?	Hey gdaman22  !  It would have to be the classic Breakfast at Tiffanys !. What about you ?	Catch me if you can, yours?	I have many favorites, but the one I always seem to come back to is In Bruges..  If you could alter one decision you made this week, what would it be?	That's a tough one.. Probably my favorite series right now would be the Kingkiller Chronicles, even though its going to be like another seven years for the next book.
1	Who is your hero and why?	my hero is Che Guevara, the revolutionary who emancipated the Cuban people and dedicated himself to the freedom of the latin american people.. Ever since I was 14 a poster of Che has been hanging on my bedroom ceiling, looking over me, inspiring me to fight for what I believe in.	This is going to sound really corny but my heroes are my friends, I've learnt a lot about life, about myself and about people from them.. They have helped me through tough times and shared the good times.	Leaving aside the classic response of the SO although she totally is, I could talk for hours about how amazing she is and not even scratch the surface I would say Kevin Smith, Bruce Lee, or Shawn "Day9" Plott.. For Kevin Smith I respect the hell out of him for why he go into making movies, how he got into making movies, and just about everything to do with clerks.	my hero is Che Guevara, because he dedicated his life to the emancipation of the Latin American people, and to all people oppressed by imperialism.. Since I was 14 I have had a poster of him on my bedroom ceiling, a symbol of his courage and conviction to inspire me in my life.	Chevy Chase
1	Did you ever swim in a race?	PhDs in the humanities are struggling these days.. Tenuretrack jobs in the academy are decreasing and it's really hard to become a professor compared to the "old days.	Garcia he's a good fighter	It's always time for a swim.	I have won a race or two, yes.. But I wouldn't say I'm a big deal.	Maybe you can get sponsored  There is always hope and I wish you luck!. And it definitely keeps you fit.
1	Do you drink enough water every day?	Not enough  ! 	Probably around a litre	I drink at least as much water as you..  I however am a singer, and I do it to keep my voice from drying out.	I only drink like 3or4 pints a day	I don't really measure the amount of water I drink, but it is a lot.. I quit drinking soda 10 months ago.
1	Do you ever listen to rock music?	EDM mostly, but I do like some rap and all that jazz.. A few Queen songs, a few ACDC songs, and some Dubstep.	I'm open to any kind of music, but when I was younger I love postgrunge and alternative rock.. I still love Theory Of A Deadman.	I have two completely different sides to my music taste.. One part of my is mad about electronic music  especially dubstep Flux Pavillion, Skrillex, Trolley Snatcha, ExcisionDatsik and trap Gent amp Jawns, Diplo, Yellow Claw.	Lots of electronic stuff of all types of genres.. I don't really like many genres that don't have much of an electronic aspect, but I like a lot of different electronic subgenres.	I listen to a lot of kinds.. My two favorite bands are Pearl Jam and Porcupine Tree.
1	Do you have a good sleep schedule?	Mostly because in the case I do get a job any time soon, it's gonna be hard for me to get it right back on track.. Also because my boyfriend is getting sick of me going to bed at 121 am because he has to get up at 6.	2 am usually, but it varies from 2 4.	I did overnights at a RoFo for a while, but now I just stay up late, really.. I sleep from like 4 to 11, then have class.	I work with 5 other students, so we tend to get 23 shifts per week, so I usually work when I have either 1 or no classes on a given day.. So right now, I'm working for another 5, then i'll sleep probably 8noon.	I have a really complicated schedule that sometimes forces me to stay up for days at a time.. Some days I fall asleep at 6am when I hear my neighbor's door slam as he goes out to work, while other days I fall asleep to the rumble of his T.V. around 6pm.
1	Do you have a routine sleeping position?	Grab a cup of green tea, get in bed and read my Kindle.	I listen to asmr videos to relax before sleeping.	Usually before I go to bed I'll have something small to eat and drink  usually just some toast and juice or something.. I make sure all my pets have enough to eat and drink, then listen to music for an hour or so until I fall asleep.	Drink a warm glass of milk ! . I also usually put on lip  balm right before bed haha	I read my kindle in bed with the lights off..  I read until my eyes feel heavy sometimes that's like half a page. and then turn it off and pass out.
1	Do you have a social media page?	Done I feel obliged to say that although I ticked "all three" because I do use all three, I use FB far more than Twitter, and Twitter far more than Instagram.	Sure, I'll take it, but I will criticize it as I go1. AgesThe age breakdown here is not great.	The question seemed oddly restrictive.. May I ask what exactly is the information you're trying to glean?	Facebook will be dead in a few years except for a few adults and people checking every once in a while for contact info.. Snapchat will be what sticks around for a LONG time because of how simple it is and how having a picture with the text has become a standard that isn't gonna leave.	Virtual representations of ourselves maybe?
1	Do you prefer hot or cold weather?	Depends on my mood, but yes I do both.. Today will be hot, because my throught is scratcHy this morning, lol	Cold	I prefer the cool is what I'd say, if that makes sense.. I live in Minnesota and went to school in North Dakota so I've grown to hate the cold meaning the bonechilling, hurts to walk intype of cold, but I also know I'd never survive living in a warmer, higher humidity type of climate like Florida because I always run hot.	Hot !  I always feel cold and have to wear a bunch of layers when others walk around in Tshirts	Love the cold too.. I live in Canada so it works out great for me.
1	Do you think you are very social? 	Thank you ! . You are awesome as well.	Aw thank you so much, I think you are awesome as well ! . I'll be sure to remember what you've said and keep on keeping on .	Dont tell people as much as I should but I'm slowly getting better at it	I drink alone, quite often.. Not that I'm depressed or have no one to drink with ! 	I theme park alone constantly.. Travel alone.
1	Do you want to travel in time?	If we can time travel, I feel it could only be forward in time because no one has come back to the past yet, if you get what I mean.. Where's a place in the world you want to travel to?	I want to travel to Sweden, Norway, and Switzerland, mostly because of the scenery and women, but also NorwaySweden to see the Aurora Borealis.	Louisiana..  I wanna sample the cuisine.	I would like to see more of Eurasia.. There are some places in Lapland where I've been and that I might like to see again.	My grandfather was born in South Africa, and later moved to Libya where he owns a farm.. He's been all over Africa, so I've always wanted to go to his farm, maybe his birthplace in Cape Town.
1	How can you break a bad habit?	I just do everything I want until I'm bored and I decide to do whatever I had to do because there is nothing better to do.	I use habitrpg ! . It is a mobile app and inbrowser habit making "game"  I input my daily tasks remembering to floss, etc and my to do list, and when I complete the tasks, the game rewards me with gold!	I schedule it..  After  a while, it becomes a habit.	My high school teacher junior year told us it takes 21 times to do something to make it a habit.. Now I'm not sure if that's scientifically accurate, but 21 days, that's 3 weeks of doing something daily.	One way you can make something a habit is to let it 'carpool' with an established habit.. It's best to do the nee habit first.
1	How old do you think is "old"?	Considering the original topic here.people out of high school	We can never know what kinds of things people have gone through.. Age is a simple number of how long you've been around, not what experiences you've encountered, which really can take a toll on your mental "age." Some people are convinced that age is a measure of maturity and I can tell you from experience that it is not.	Well, when anyone says they feel old, they just mean they feel older than they should feel.. A five year old could feel ten, that's fine with me.	Every day of your life is the oldest you've ever been.. So I won't begrudge someone saying it and I say it often enough myself.	I am 25 and I feel old when I see how kids born in 20s have grown already.. And when I see the gap between me and children who have grown with computers, Internet, etc. as part of everyday life since the early age.
1	What is your favorite animal and why?	Tardigrades because they're super cool and badass..  They also look cute in some pictures.	Pangolin.. Does that even need justifying?	Narwhals.. Because a number of people don't believe they're real animals and I find them magnificent creatures.	I. LOVE. BUNNIES.	Great White Shark.. I like how they look and how so many people fear them.
1	What is your favorite book and why?	The skulduggery pleasant seriesHarry potter seriesNarnia series	A Dance With Dragons  George RR Martin, writer of the A Song of Ice and Fire  Game of Thrones books.. Why?	Hard to say but LOTR is a pretty consistent favorite of mine	In this order The Journey of the Peaceful Warrior  Dan Millman, The Alchemist  Paulo Coelho, Of Mice and Men  John Steincak, Cannery Row  John Steinback.. I actually just finished reading Chris Kyle's autobiography American Sniper a few days ago and it's an interesting book, no real plot or climax.	Catch 22.. I don't think I will ever read a better novel.
1	What is your favorite thing to drink?	Nowadays beer.. I miss captain morgan, amazing rum, kind of rare in Brazil ! Used to be vodka.	Pepsi diet.. Because low calories and tastes amazing.	Orange Juice as it makes me feel refreshed and cool, plus it pretty much suits any time of the day unlike soft drinks which you would look bizarre drinking them in the early morning  right?	Some of my favorites areGinger beer and bourbonDoppio con pana 2 shots of espressoand a dallop of whipped creamCortadito or Cuban coffeeEspresso and Irish creamedit formatting	IrnBru.. Room temp, not chilled.
1	What time zone do you live in?	Northern Virginia, usa.	I'd like to live 5 years in the future for a while, and then come back to normal.. This era of invention, improvement, education is amazing, there is little I want to miss of it.	It's not really the timeframe I just wanna live in different circumstances, and experience all of them.. My favorite one to think about?	I like now.. I got to live in the 70's, 80's and 90's, which were all great decades in their own way.	I would want to live in the distant future, like a postscarcity republic in the year 40,0.. I wouldn't have to worry about sustaining myself, and I'm a total technophile anyways lol.
1	Which do you prefer, Coffee or tea?	Oh god I actually hate both.. Id go with tea because its definitely healthier though.	I have this yummy raspberry tea stuff.. It's pretty good.	I do drink tea, hot tea.. I have this nice little rhythm with hot drinks where I drink coffee first thing in the morning and caffeinefree tea right before I go to sleep.	both, you?	I drink green tea, but is it caffeinated?. I'm not sure, to be honest.
1	Are you a dog or a cat person?	I honestly couldn't tell you..  I have two dogs and I love them to death, but 90% of cats I meet are just as cuddly and playful as my dogs are.	Cat person, definitely.. I don't have anything against dogs, I just like cats a lot more.	Cats, all the way.. They are the perfect companions and the more you love on them and spoil them the better they get.	I like both but I think I like dogs more.. They're so playful ! 	I was a cat person my entire life until my husband convinced me to get a puppy.. Now I can't imagine not having her in my life and we recently introduced another pup into our family.
1	Do you have any favorite kind of weather?	i usually stay inside regardless of the weather, but i like to walk around with my friends, like to the park and through the woods and stuff	Buy rain gear and try to spend as little time outside as possible?. I moved here relatively recently and the weather was really getting to me in the fall, which is the rainiest season.	I try and make music or draw occasionally, i've recently really gotten into trying to making music, but my computer is really old and can't really handle it all that well.. My friends are all scattered around the country, i live in a pretty small country, but it's still pretty difficult to get together with them.	I work with a lot of people but mainly I do everything myself..  It's truly a form of self expression for me, so I find myself wanting things done a specific way or at a specific time and it's really hard to rely on others to be on time we're all adults and have lives and to have the same vision as me.	I live in the Netherlands, so sort of cold. but it's warm enough to go outside
1	Do you like to play in the snow?	running.. This week was the first of the year where the roads in my neighbourhood were finally free of snow.	Wearing lighter clothing.. Enjoying early spring morning air and atmosphere on my way to work.	Sleep.. Source Am bear	I'm starting to build a garage this spring, which should make all my future winter projects a lot more enjoyable.. And warmer.	I don't get out as much in the winter, so I'm just looking forward to nice weather, hikingwalking, dry roads, camping, and beaches.
1	Do you think there can be world peace?	England, and it's a number of reasons but I guess the biggest is that I prefer the culture	Well, now I don't have a guaranteed job, which cannot be expected to bend over backwards to accommodate me though they do so quite often..  I am stuck in an area with a high cost of living, no base housing.	CEO of a tech company	Gaming and anime are my two main selling points but I also love nature, space, the oceans.. I'm also reading the Game of Thrones series right now.	Yes and yes.. After a very miserable last two years at college and the following 'worst year of my life' internship, I finally graduated last year and got a very good job in my field.
1	What do you do in your free time? 	Play video games, cook, spend time with my brother, watch gaming videos.	I am a relatively beginner coder, but I am studying this at school and I am really good at it.. The thing is that my field of knowledge is pretty limited and I am trying to expand it.	Uh.. Game, read, watch shows, ~~cry,~~ eat, listen to music, go on Tumblr.	Feel bad about not doing anything productive with my free time, mostly.	Been doing cross stitch lately  Sonic 1 badniks.. Other than that, watching random stuff on YouTube and Stargate SG1.
1	What is your favorite food from another culture?	Sushi.	Burritos.	Bagels because I have had a lot of them and never get sick of them.	Brisket with beans.. How about you?	Mako Shark.
1	What should I eat? Whats your favorite snack?	Sandwiches.. I could put ANYTHING between two slices of bread.	Chocolate coated raisins.. I love those.	Tech steak ! . Mix some maple syrup into some peanut butter  Taste test as you add until you reach most desirable proportions.	Peanut butter or vegemite on crackers is great, and cheap too.	Green apple slices with almond butter.. LECKER
1	Are you a city person or a country person?	I didn't think I was a city person, but then we moved.. We didn't even move to the country, just a small town.	City..  I like eating out at high quality unique oneofakind dinerscafesbistros.etc.	I'm in between.. I grew up in the city Los Angeles and also lived on a ranch in Mexico as well as by the beach.	I've spent the last year living in various big cities, and I am a city person..  But that's why cities like Buenos Aires are so nice just one hour outside of the hectic mass of millions of commuting honking yelling rushing argentinos sits the quiet rural paradise of the la pampa.	I've always been a city person.. Then I lived in the country for two years.
1	Do you donate your time or money to charity? 	Yes I do	I wouldn't wish McDonald's upon anyone.. Ha	Need is a big word, but al donations will go towards the server.	We have to consider the fact that if you have the ability to do good and refrain from doing it you will, in most cases feel bad.. I feel I could sacrifice my life for someone else but when I dig deep I see that sacrificing my own life would be selfish.	Well, if you force it, it's probably going to damage something.. I would consider this a valuable lesson learned don't loan money you want back.
1	Do you have a favorite flavor of ice cream?	Vanilla, I love it because I believe it to be the most neutral flavor of ice cream	Chocolate chip is wonderful.. Also, vanilla slathered in chocolate sauce.	Coffee.. Because coffee.	Pralines and cream or butter pecan.. I love nuts.	Pistachio.. Because it tastes like pistachios and ice cream.
1	Do you have or do you want a pet?	No, my apartment doesn't allow it	I dont really know.. I feel like i want to be alone, to do whats important, and the same time i feel like i dont want to be left alone	Yes, I've been working in the HVAC trade for a year now.	Not a chance in hell.. I do have an awesome dog though.	I have two pets.. A cat and a Dog.
1	How do you wind down after a long day?	I watch a few TV shows online, and maybe treat myself with some junk food.. Sometimes, if I'm in the right mood I create something, like a clay sculpture or Photoshop something, nothing too highstress.	If I'm filled up with emotion, I play guitar and just improvise for a couple hours.. Always clears me up.	It really depends on how stressed I am, but there are a couple ways I wind down.. What's really important is that it's something that calms me down and settles me, and stops my mind from obsessing over whatever it is going on so that I don't wind myself up and make myself more upset.	I walk into the gym to deadlift amp row until I've exhausted myself.. Follow that up by sitting in the sauna and focus on breathing.	Depends on your personality and age.. I usually dress in nice clothes and grab a beer with a few friends and just chill.
1	How tall do you think is the perfect height?	I'm 5'1.. I don't like to feel super small.	I'm only like 5'8.. I have two options either I wear my low heels and only gain, like, two inches.	lol  He's about 6'1"..  I'm just under 5'.	My grandpa is really tall, so I assume I got the genes from him.	It varies depending on what my discipline has been like lately it sucks but I can go down to a sliver over 20" to 23".. Natural waist hovers around 2728.
1	What do you have that you are grateful for? 	Im strictly fiction.. I love stories.	I do what I gotta do with the little I got.. I achieved alot education wise career wise..to begin it was to shut ppl up now its to better myself..	Thanks ! . I don't let my worries stand in my way as much anymore.	I feel like I'm always looking for more.. I've always depended on breaking myself down to make myself better	Honestly, just being able to walk around the block or up a flight of stairs..  I broke my tailbone this time last year and gained a lot of weight because of the pain.
1	What is your routine before you go to bed?	I listen to asmr videos to relax before sleeping.	I listen to a podcast.. Music just seems to make me more awake, but listening to people talk about anything is really relaxing.	I've gotten into the habit of listening to audiobooks before bed..  I've had some trouble sleeping lately, and it helps a lot.	Reading creepypasta or listening to a creepypasta reading.	I read my kindle in bed with the lights off..  I read until my eyes feel heavy sometimes that's like half a page. and then turn it off and pass out.
1	Whats the weather going to be like this week?	foggy right now.. it was cloudy yesterday and will be overcast tomorrow.	Max out the credit cards and go to London.. See all the things.	I'd ask my fiance to come back to my home state with me, then spend the entire time with my mom, brother, and fiance.. I wouldn't have to explain anything to them, either.	As most people said, take a big loan, spend it on all kinds of stuff and activities preferably with my familyfriends.. Maybe I'd take everyone to some vacations somewhere for a few days.	I have a whole bottle of the Kraken rum that I would take into the Colorado mountains and drink until I pass out, like, the day before the world's gonna end.. up until that point i'd just spend the week reading or listening to music before I go.
1	What would you like to do in your free time?	Skate, hang out, partying, Netflixreading and when the boys are up for it every once in a while we'll hike through nature.	eat pizza and ice cream.. Walk around and take some photographs or random thing, random people.	Sit in my room watching TV and surfing the internet.. I really should get out more but I have no idea what I would even do.	I used to run competitively during High School and early College. but I got injured and removed from the team so I've recently taken up Mountain Biking.	Free time is either check on my carnivorous plants time, or internet browsing time.
1	Did you ever take a trip over spring or summer break?	Sounds awesome.	Head up to Canada ! . Your  is worth 1.20 or more up here!	My two suggestions are Chicago or Colorado, and all the points in between.. Chicago if you're city bound, Colorado if you want some city, but would also love to go on a hike in the mountains.	You could go to Mt. Rushmore, haha, it's the classic family road trip destination.	It depends on your job.. Some jobs have requirements that you agree to when you get hired.
1	Did your class have a pet when you were in school?	For some reason most of 'em liked me even though I kept up mediocre grades haha, so they let me do my thing.	Yeah but we have a mad high drop rate.. My grad class was like 9 people.	We were way less clueless than these kids are nowadays.. At least we knew that we'd have to go vote and fill in our tax forms when we reach the age of 18 here.	I knew that you were in high school.. I just couldn't think of any other way to describe that.	I'm a freshman, so I guess I still have time left to decide on my future
1	Do you go to bed at a regular time every day?	I just went to bed at 630 last night and woke up at 200.. I would rather have gotten up at 400 but I guess it couldn't be helped.	I am not able to take naps sadly.. Either I sleep for 13 hours or I don't sleep at all.	Oh yeah, I definitely get it all done now.. The issue is just doing it all at once ! 	I'm 25  Due to my employment situation a regular bedtime isn't an option but I have to be up at the same time every day.. This is a problem even when I get "enough" sleep gt7 hours	Exactly what i have been doing for the past months,  reading slaughterhouse 5 at the moment .. What about you ?
1	Do you think time travel will be possible in the future?	Time traveler reporting in.. Definitely not possible, please do not attempt.	Sure why not?. But I'm not physicist.	Time travel forwards is possible, in a sense.. You can just get a ship to go close to the speed of light for a while, and then you can do the same basic thing as time travel forwards, but backwards is impossible by our current understanding of physics.	No, only in the past.	Not a chance.. Time can be bent but not traveledskipped.
1	What music do you like to listen to in the morning?	I like almost all genres, but some artists I like are Three Days Grace, Arctic Monkeys, Breaking Benjamin, Taylor Swift, Imagine Dragons, and Bruno Mars.. That's just off the top of my head, I'm sure there's more I'm missing.	Hotline miami soundtrack ! 	Anything fast and loud, generally a mix of hip hop, metal and rock.. I also like some remixes of various songs.	I typically hum uptempo versions of either video game music or whatever else is stuck in my head at that moment.. I could play something from another room but that would be ridiculous and I'd take forever to figure out what I want to listen to anyways.	Nothing.. Music makes me feel less concentrated.
1	Did you ride a bus to school when you were a child?	I'm a pretty lame bus companion, I wear headphones so I don't have to talk to weird people.. I know, I know.	Essentially boarding school, yes.. It had funding from the state though.	I would need to take a cab back home, this is the last bus for today.. That's really not a big deal, thing with the bus is just he doesn't drive directly to the city but through all the tiny villages on the way too.	Idk there are some catty groups of moms out there.. That's what I'm scared of.	Yes, but I am in Canada.. The market is bad, but not as terrible as the US. I am graduating this semester and going to bar school this winter.
1	How do you keep in touch with people who live far away? 	They're off in college and Texas is huge lol.. 45 minutes isn't really too far we just can't be bothered to do the drive.	You're not in the wrong.. Your sister is acting like a child.	I hate asking people how they are if I genuinely don't care, mainly because I either don't like them or are not close enough to them to actually care.. But sometimes I suck it up because it's just a part of having to deal with people everyday.	It's just part of social etiquette to ask how people are doing even if they don't mean it.. For some it comes out casually but harder for people like us.	I don't.. It's none of my business.
1	How do you think being a celebrity could be a bad thing?	I've thought about putting on a little weight in hopes of building muscle at some point but I am absolutely happy with my skinny self.. Besides, I love those foods anyways.	I'm not doing the Kylie challenge.. I did partake in the Pepsi Mentos thing.	Weird al fan.. Friend of mine said he was staring in an ep of MLP. I watched it	I hated waxing, so I thought it wouldn't hurt as much.. Spoiler I was so wrong.	Never said I didn't lie
1	Do you think you would do well working a job that was overnight?	Exactly, I was balancing work and school perfectly.. My shifts lined up with my school schedule perfectly.	When things are really stressful for me I think, will this matter in one week?  Two Months?.  Three Years?	drink.sleep.realize that tomorrow is a brand new day.	When it gets to me I just take my car after work to a distant expensive sushi bar where probably I'll never meet anyone I know and just have a slow, delicious dinner with two cokes and almost a kilo of my favorite cuts and fried shrimps.. I can only eat there like 5 times a month but I'll be dammed if I'll ever stop.	Often times you'll quote a politician you know is spouting BS, but political stories often have a "he said, she said" feel so there's usually some semblance of balance.. but I've never seen something reported that was outright false.
1	If you could have any animal as a pet which would you choose?	A dog.. It's a good thing I already have one.	An elephant.	I'm gonna have to go with chimpanzee.	A lion ! . D	HIPPO
1	If you could, would you have your brain put in a robot body?	Well, I'd like to know who made the body and why.. Though I'd still do it regardless.	My thought on that is that things can never stop existing.. That electricity doesn't just fizzle out, it simplifies and disperses to mix with everything.	Well the point at which you cease being you depends on where the neurons were taken from, so it would vary a lot.. And I don't quite think I catch your meaning in that last part there.	I want to believe that.. While the privacy  net neutrality movement is rapidly growing, most people don't realize how the government is spying on them.	Yes, maybe I am going crazy.
1	how is the weather where you live? Is it affecting you in any way?	Getting pretty nice weather here in Ireland.. Unfortunatly i have exams to study for that begin next week.	Central Texas.. Its been raining a lot, which has caused flooding around the state.	It's been hot as heck in Manila all month.. We don't have AC at home, so on most days I wake up sweaty.	Well it's very hot, sunny, beautiful with clouds coming in ! . In Virginia.	It was 40 degrees Celsius yesterday ! . I melted.
1	If one species on Earth could learn to talk, which animal would you choose?	Hm.probably something docile	I think wolf, as expected and common as it sounds, but because of the fact they enjoy being in packsbeing sociable and have their established roles on the realistic side, and wolf in the stereotypical side because sometimes I feel like the 'bad wolf'	Pandas because they are the swoliest	left half cat.	Velociraptor, straight up.
1	If you could have one present for your birthday, what would you ask for?	Unrealistically  Lots of world travel..  Would really love to go around Europe or Hong Kong.	I'm terrible at asking for gifts.. Every year my wife asks me what I want and I have to struggle.	An iMac, latest version with final cut already installed.	All I asked for this year was a new can opener and I didn't get it.. Very disappointed.	A troublefree car, with paid insurance, triple A membership, and gas that someone else takes in to get tires rotated, oil changed, emissions tested, and whatever else is needed..  Seriously, it's hard being a mom of two social kids in middle school and not have a car.
1	If you can time travel then who is that one person you want to meet?	Mr. Rogers and tell him that I watched his show every day growing up.	Hemingway.	Dr. Hunter S. Thompson	Lucy and Desi	Lincoln.. Such a complex man.
1	If you could pick one skill to be great at, what will it be and why?	Humor !  I'm not very funny and I wish I could make people laugh more.	I would be the greatest pragmatic thinker of all time.	I would love to be one of those people that are fluent in five different languages, or be a speed reader.	I'd like to be a great cook.. I love food.	I would be a skilled business man.. Why?
1	Do you have or would you get a Tattoo? If so, what would it be and where?	Yes.. I have a few and want more.	Probably the Twentyone pilots symbol.. That or the Earthbound logo of the earthsound stonewhatever your head canon of it being is that they used in smash bros.	I wouldn't.	I don't have one, but I might get one if I am able to achieve certain things.. It might make a little more sense with some background.	Well I've thought about learning Japanese at some point, and I always thought that that kind of writing is cool looking.. Maybe I would get something that says, "Light" or something.
1	Do you like your job? If money were no issue, what would you like to do instead?	I'm still in high school and have a part time summer job.. It's probably the easiest job someone my age could get, and I enjoy it.	I absolutely hate my job in retail, but I'm training to be a music teacher.. Even if money were no object, I would still want to be a music teacher.	I didn't like my job, I was already thinking about changing careers.. My contract wasn't renewed so they kinda made the decision for me.	I'm an accountant and I hate it.. If I had a choice, I'd be a pilot.	If money wasn't an issue I'd travel and wouldn't stop unless something held me back.
1	If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?	Good question.. What about "What do you think?" That way, I'll be able to respond back with whatever I think.	Yes.	I just want to fit in.. I don't want people to talk about me or hate me.	Hahaha you noticed ! 	IM SORRY NOITINGOCATEM LOVE ME ! 
1	Did you go to graduate school? Would you want to go back to school again if you could?	Honestly I only applied to two schools, and both were Christian Universities in my area.. I didn't want to go to a state school as that wasn't much my crowd of people.	That's the thing, I'm not sure anymore.. I have two degrees already international studies amp political science but a lot of good those did currently in the family business.	This.. Do you just miss the endless partying and negligible responsibilities?	No. I took time off to save money and pay down bills, and then never went back.. I don't have the drive to get a Ph.	Med school.. North east state, sorry, don't want to go more in detail than that.
2	Are you usually happy?	"well you don't have to use a fake at the bars anymore.so you got that going for you"	I am, yeah. Thanks for asking ! 	I don't think it's really possible to be happy in the long term  simply because the long term is just a whole lot of short terms tied together.. So you can't really be happy as a whole without being happy in the moment.	Yeah, but it took a while to get there.. And it's still a struggle sometimes.	Happy in certain things.. Not so happy in others.
2	Are you very talkative?	No, not at all.	SK?. The CS clan?	ya its been pretty good just relaxing atm, how bout you?	HI HOW ARE YOU ! ?. haha thanks lovely 	Oh you know.. Hanging in there.
2	Can you play chess?	I was on the team in high school, but I don't really play much any more	I was forced to learn how to play in the 5th grade.. I hated it, but looking back now it's awesome to know how to play and knowing some tricks and such to win.	Yes ! . I'm a 161700 FIDE rating player	I know what all the pieces do, but that's it.. All about checkers.	same, I went to some chess camps in primary school, but have not really played much since then.
2	Do you regularly exercise?	I do, but not regularly.. I just run a few miles when I get that great combination of loneliness and unwillingness to contact people.	Usually go on a twomile walk each day not just for exercise, but mostly because I really like the scenery, and walking.	Every day.. I have been going to the gym for some weeks now, rarely missing days, and a lot of days playing pickup basketball.	Gym 5  6 days a week, depending on how I feel.	Off and on.. Every other week I work out 25 times a week.
2	Do you wear sunscreen?	Random weather is so common here too!. Just last week it was rain, now its burning in the day and freezing at night p	Cologne only if on a date or in a suit.	No actual perfume, but occasionally body spray.	Only wear antiperspirant fresh mint m every day, cologne if I'm 'going out'.	Every day after my shower I put on lotion and matching body spray from Bath amp Body Works.. I switch up the scents daily.
2	Are you an only child?	I have three brothers, two older and one younger.. I don't wish I was an only child.	I had a brother and sister growing up.. When I was younger I would have loved to be an only child but as I grow up I realize I should be thankful for my brother and family.	I'm a middle child brother 18 months older, sister 7 years younger, and wouldn't change that for anything.. Yes, I did get a hell of a lot of handmedowns, but the fact that the house was always so full of life and that there was always someone my age at home to talk to was one of the best things about my childhood.	I wish I had a sibling actually.. I hear my friends complain about theirs all the time, how they're annoying, blah blah blah.	Only child.. Never wanted siblings.
2	Can you do a cartwheel?	Many ! My firearm philosophy is to have personal protection, home defense, and a rifle.. Whatever that may entail.	Nope.. Use my laptop for gaming.	i more into growing.. i like the idea of farming.	I love the water.. I feel like I belong there.	My name was inspired by a song I heard when I went through depression.
2	Can you ride a bike?	Bike.. Like Bicycle.	Hmm, I should, but I don't do bike rides, maybe a walk, I don't know.	That is very true .	Thanks ! . I miss that bike, the Yamaha FZS. 150cc but great for Bangalore traffic.	It's great fun to bike ! . I like it better than driving a car.
2	Do colors influence your mood?	Haha I am a sailor actually ! . And being that I am only 19 idk if I can classify myself as a classic dude yet lol.	I sleep great.. I mean, I don't wake up wanting to get up  I'm definitely not a morning person.	Yes.. Some days green, some blue and some grey.	My girlfriends eyes change all the time.. Between dark blue, green, or gray.	Nope.. My eyes only change colors in different lighting.
2	Do you believe in telekensis?	Yes to an extent..  There is a chosen path for us but we can alter it slightly.	Aliens  I just can't believe that in the infinite space that is the universe that there isn't even one other life form.. Not saying they're necessarily intelligentself aware just yet, but there has to be something.	I used to when I was younger, because despite the evidence I wanted to believe there was more out there that we weren't aware of.. But when cameras and CGI became more available I lost my belief.	Not really, but I have a very strange view on what "time" is.. For example, sometimes at night I will walk down the centre of a road and think of all the people that have been there.	No.. Well my dragons and stuffed animals have souls and I love them, but I know it's in my head.
2	Do you eat sandwiches often?	I have literally never had a taco.. It's not such a thing here in England.	Maybe REAL tacos instead of american ones	Fish are friends, not food.. It grosses me out.	Weekly.	It's because of two things1.. I would get ~~violently~~ sick from eating it.1.
2	Do you have any allergies?	Sulfonamide , it is in antibiotics	Guinea pigs and hamsters.. My dad is allergic to llamas and alpacas.	Soy, tuna and butterflies.. Although my last allergy test was around 1988 or so.	Nickel is not uncommon, a lot of people are allergic to costume jewelry or earrings because of nickel.. I heard the US doesn't allow use of it in jewelry any more for that reason	I'm allergic to something in the summer, still haven't discovered what it is, but I get tiny bubbles on some of my fingers only in the hottest months of the summer.
2	Do you have any houseplants?	Nah.. Just plants.	I do  I have a dog.. She's just under a year old, and I credit her entirely as the reason I get up in the morning.	Yes, I have a little dog.. He is 10 pounds but acts like a small wolf.	Sort of.. I stay with my family part of the time, and they have several dogs and cats.	I have two pets.. A cat and a Dog.
2	Do you have any nicknames? 	Nope.	ABJD, Tolkien, Monster High.	I'm getting my first one today ! . Wish me luck!	No.. Not because I dislike them there just isn't anything I want permanently etched on me.	No.
2	Do you have any penpals?	Slightly offtopic, sorryThe question reminds me of a radio interview that I've heard recently.. They were ranting about how the paper news survive in the digital era, and one said that even birch bark manuscripts are still around, somewhere, in a sense, they're just have changed their role. "birchbark manuscripts" is the topic for togo jokes here in Russia, it may become "clay tablets" elsewhere	I used to talk to a few people over the Internet using Skype, about 2 years ago..  It was great fun.	Well, there are plenty of good sites too.. I've used InterPals, there are creeps but if you dig deep enough you can find the gems.	yeah a lot of people do that, but it is mostly online pen pals, so email pals	Well i used to spend lots of hours chatting with people i met on online games.. Guess that counts?
2	Do you have any phobias?	No. When I was a kid I used to be scared of existential threats like supermassive black holes, until I realized there was no point.. One weird thing I do though, if someone I don't like comes to my house and drinks from a specific glass, it takes a long time before I can bring myself to drink from that glass again.	Nope.. I used to when I was younger, though.	being eaten alive.. dude, nothing creeps me out more than the thought of that S	i do, yeah. in general, i tend to make mountains out of molehills and assume the worst in any given situation.. i often assume friends don't care for me as much as i care for them, for example, because i never remember that that kind of thing isn't always  can't be  shown all the time.	Do spiders count?If spiders dont count, then maybe the possibility of getting run over by a car while walking the streets of my neighborhood.
2	Do you know any palindromes?	No, are they good?I like slipknot, soad etc, and some pop rock bands like mcr and fob.	I love BabyMetal.. I also love how much some metalheads hate them.	BabyMetal is awesome, Megitsune is my jam.	Yep 3	songs, poems, stories, stuff like that
2	Do you like classical music?	Oh hohohoho ! . Of course.	Ya love music.. You ever heard of volbeat?	I listen to edm and a very underground genre called "chiptune".. It's 8bit music and I really like the sound.	Almost everything.. Throw genres at me and I'll  tell you which ones	Honestly it depends on my mood..
2	Do you like outdoorsy stuff?	Yes I do like stuff	I've made decorative pillows using old jeans before, but I think they are tucked away in a closet somewhere.. I also do a little origami, a lot of nail art, drawing and classical art, and some very very novice jewelry making.	I'm not too good at it but I like designing games in my spare time, just for fun.. Board game or card game type things mostly.	I dabble in a little bit of everything.. I thing the only craft I do regularly is crochet.	I spin pens, I listen to trap music, I talk to internet people
2	Do you play any sports?	I love football soccer.. I didn't care about sports when I lived in the States, but when I moved down here to Colombia during the South Africa World Cup, I fell in love with the sport.	I play a bit of tennis and badminton from time to time.. I'm not overly competitive about it, I just play it for fun.	I play Ultimate.. Combination of playing in a league with my buddies and playing on a club team that goes to tournaments.	I'm a sailor.. I spend my weekend racing keelboats and my sumner racibg then offshore think 3 day long races	Not "play" per se, but I do karate and I have been studying for the past 9 years.. I'd say it's onethird art, onethird fighting, and onethird sport.
2	Have you ever been hunting?	Nope.. The closest I've been is to a shooting range where I found out how terrible my aim is.	Hey look a pop culture reference I actually get.	I'm sure it's fine in special places and with some license but I've never had an opportunity.. No hunting family members etc.	Recently back from Rome.. Wonderful place ! 	Please don't hurt me
2	How would you describe yourself?	I apologize in advance, this will be long but it will mean a lot to me if you take the time to read it.. I am basically giving you my life in essay form.	I'm 21 year old guy, working in an internship at an engineering company in my hometown.. I think I'm smart, funny, nice.	Confused, I don't know how to answer this any other way.. I'm terrible at realizing who I am without the help of others, it would help if I could socialize with people in person.	Shy, ignorant, awkward, negative, and highly selfconscious.	Person who's trying to a good person, but sometimes slips up.. What's the feature you most like about yourself?
2	Tell me about your day!	I'll be catching a bus in about an hour to take me to the train station so I can hop on a train to go back home for break.. I'm a bit nervous as I don't particularly enjoy having to ride public transport, but it'll be nice to return home for a bit.	It's my last day of work at my current office.. I'll be starting a new job on Monday and I'm pretty excited.	It's sunny and warm again!. And my friend was kind.	Woke up not too long ago, dog sitting today!	Up at 3am.. Got to work by 4am.
2	Who is your favorite actor?	Oo, That's a tough one.. I don't really get a chance to watch all that many movies and most I watch are just comedies so.	I'm guessing you like cinema?	My favorite is probably Danny or Jon ! . How about yourself?	As a straight male, RDJ all the way	Favorite villain is tough, there's a lot to choose from.. I guess Hans Landa from Inglorious Basterds.
2	Are you a very organized person?	Most of the time, yes.. But I can get pretty silly too	Woah there.. I wouldn't go that far.	Thanks.	Thank you.	A lot of it is very accurate, some of it is a little off..  Overall, the results are a good generalization of my personality.
2	Are you good at being agreeable?	Yeah.. Honestly I don't like contact sports as much as racing.	Dancing ! . Specifically partner dancing.	Procrastinating amp not being bothered by anything.. Means I'm always doing stuff last minute for assignments but it's great in that I never get angry over anything.	Not caring.	I've been told my french toast is pretty good ! . I've also been told I'm good at writing essays as well.
2	Are you left or right handed? 	Nope, right handed.	Playing the odds?. I am left handed though ! 	Right.. What's the first thing to your left?	Right handed.. We may be onto something here, what's your dominant hand?	Why don't we call left wrong then?. And just situate the two subtly , am I left or am I right?
2	Describe to me your usual day.	Wake up, Go back to sleep.. Wake up and get ready for work.	Wake up, hit the snooze button 5 times I set my alarm 30 minuets early so I can do this, take a shower.. Get dressed, get coffee, get 2 cans of soda for the day and leave my house.	Wake up, pee, get out of bed, get dressed, fix hair, drive to work which is the best part of the day, work, drive home I lied even better than the drive there, pack a bowl, forget that I packed a bowl, smoke the bowl, change out of clothes, "Xbox on", play Xbox, get on PC, play on PC, research how to code, blankly stare at PC, smoke another bowl, play Xbox again, try to make food, extinguish fire, eat cereal, smoke a bowl lay down with some Netflix, swear on my life that tomorrow will be different and pass out.	Work 9pm530am, take the subway home and get back around 6630, shower, sleep, wake up at 930am, go back to sleep, wake up at 12pm, try to fall back asleep until 2pm, get up, do stuff around the apartment, eat lunch, get ready for work, go to manhattan around 7pm and waste some time, get coffee, go to work.	For me it goes something like this Roll out of bed between 5 and 8 am, depending on what time my trainees will be arriving for class that day.. Shower if it's a showerday I only do every other day or my skin dries out.
2	Do you always match your socks?	Usually on my feet unless I'm sleeping.	Eat them	I've never really had an opportunity to wear them, but I feel like I would enjoy them if I had the chance to wear em.	Japan mostly.. There's a few stores in the states that sell the brands I like, but they cost a lot more than just buying direct from places in Japan.	I'm not sure what settings you're refering to.. If I'm outside I'll be wearing khakis or jeans as casual wear or lycra bib shorts if training on my bicycle.
2	Do you have a favorite superhero?	Ny favoruee it Soideran ! . I lovr gim vecause he is a guhe forj.	Paul.	In the Pale MoonlightOrThe magnificent Ferangi	Jurassic barkall my feels	Thats a toughie ! . I will go with either The Stand by Stephen King or The Silence of the Lambs by Thomas Harris.
2	Do you have a morning ritual?	Enjoy wouldn't be the best word to describe it, but I have a sincere respect for cold showers now for multiple reasons.. For starters, it feels a sense of achievement every morning.	I work a rotating shift schedule, so my friday night tonight is a night shift.. I've got big plans for tomorrow though.	I usually watch WWE Smackdown and chill, with my cats..  Then after I watch Lockup.	Work	What we always do, Pinky.. We play videogames.
2	Do you have any bad habits?	I have this habit where I play with my hair.. I grab a small tuft and twist it and fold it on itslef until it knots up and I regret life.	I like touching my nose with both hands and sniffing my fingers a lot.. I DON'T KNOW WHY.	If I ate very well then I'll cough after the meal.. I don't know why this happen to me.	I hum or sing constantly.	I pop my knuckles.. But recently I've developed a tourettelike syndrome where i  shake my head and cuss.
2	Do you have any food allergies?	No allergies to food at all, but I am allergic to nickel.. But that's probably not weird.	Allergic to deet.. Which sucks because bugs love me.	I'm allergic to Tomatillos.. What about you?	Fresh orangesI can drink orange juice, but eating an actual orange makes my lips swell and gums itch.. Weird	I'm mildly allergic to peanuts, If i eat to much peanut butter i will have trouble breathing.
2	Do you have some favorite clothes?	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Scandal, Bob's Burgers, House of Cards, Orange is the New Black, and Friday Night Lights.. My tastes range from dark comedy to political dramas.	Paul.	I've never really had an opportunity to wear them, but I feel like I would enjoy them if I had the chance to wear em.	Anywhere but the 'high street', at 6ft 8in's tall nothing fits	I like to buy jackets and shoes in stores with outdoor stuff, it's usually great quality.. Rest does not matter so much to me, so I search for more popular brands and big discounts.
2	Do you know your zodiac sign?	I was born on April 20th same day as Hitler P which puts me right in between Aries and Taurus.. Some charts say I'm the ram, others say I'm the bull ! 	Virgo here.	Virgo, could you give me some info from the top of your head about Virgos?	Taurus	I don't give any credence to astrology as a pseudoscience, but if it interests you I'm Aquarius.
2	Do you like learning new languages?	Origin of languages would be historical linguistics.. I study sociolinguistics, or the interaction between language and society.	German.. It's my new year's resolution.	Well I already speak Welsh fluently I've lived in Wales my entire life.. I know quite a bit of French, I'm taking Japanese lessons, I'm a massive noob though.	I was trying to learn Spanish, but gave up a couple months ago.. Need to restart..	I want to learn French, but I'm too busy
2	Do you like to play games?	I mostly like RPGs.. My favourite game series is the Elder Scrolls.	Pretty much anything with RPGs, Puzzle and Racing being my favorite genres.. Lately I've been paying more attention to my 2DS and just playing Picross 3D since I'm not in the mood for any action oriented or time consuming games.	Borderlands is a good classic, maybe a little bit of Battlefield, and a new one yet surprisingly addictive one is Hotline Miami.. And every now and then I do enjoy some COD.	I play retro video games From Snes,Ps1 to Nintendo 64.. I'm not a huge fan of movies but if they are good quality i will watch them.	I'm kind of a gamehopper.. I don't really play anything consistently, but among the games I enjoy and play somewhat regularly are Minecraft, Pokemon, Skyrim, Sims 3, Soul Calibur, Tekken.
2	Do you regularly cook at home?	Heck yeah ! . A few of our staple dinners include curry, mac and cheese loaded with cauliflower and peppers to make it a little more healthy but still tasty, burgers, enchiladas.	Yeah, thank goodness	Cooking isn't too hard.. As long as you can follow directions, you should be fine ! 	It might seem weird but certain events help me feel at home, more than any one geographical location.. I have been away from the area I grew up in for over ten years now.	My room, it has everything I need and my media server to keep me company D
2	Do you think you are stylish?	Back At you .. A Heart of Skittles.	I don't think I am really.. I hate seeing myself in most pictures, I really don't see what is good about me.	I absolutely love everything about myself, not cuz. I have the best body or something but because it's totally mine and everyone else can go to hell if they don't like it ! 	Eh, average.. Lots better, lots worse.	No, not physically attractive.. Although I have some nice features like good skin and good hair,  my face isn't cute or pretty.
2	Do you usually wear a watch?	depends on what I have to thru out the day	NO ! 13 questions left!	No, I am suppose to just dress "businesscasual.". The full time guysgals do dress professionally ! 	I love perfume and wear it mostly everywhere..  I feel like it completes an outfit.?However I am extremely particular about the type of perfume EDP or absolues over EDT and brand and I definitely don't want to smell like fruit or sugar, I want to smell like a woman.	Everyday I throw on a bit unless I'm exercising in the morning
2	Does public speaking make you nervous? 	I rehearse in the shower and also rehearse at nights.. I love giving out speeches about topics I find interesting or knowledgable of.	I don't think I've ever given a memorized speech.. For class presentations and stuff I usually make an outline of what I want to talk about and then just be knowledgeable of those topics and able to answer any questions.	Study the topic, become an expert..  No matter how much you memorize a script, you can't fake genuine know how of your topic.	The last time I did any kind of public speaking was when I did the opening statements and closing arguements for my team at a mock trial in college.. The course allowed us to practice with different scenarios in front of the class throughout the semester.	If you need to describe fruits to your audience, don't start off with the most general formulation of the concept of "fruit" show them a banana and point out its specific properties that identify it as a fruit.. Once that's clear, then explain the abstract notion.
2	Have you ever "paid it forward"?	Haha, thanks for pointing that out.. In complete seriousness it's actually really unlike me to not acknowledge uncertainty, so it does say something that I phrased it that way.	I had that happen to me as well.. Just starstruck from the getgo.	I thought I had met "THE ONE" in High school... Long story short She never felt the same towards me.	I think I dated the one once upon a time.. It didn't work out for odd reasons I prefer to not go into.	Yup.. Met "The One". Happened to me eleven years ago when a friend decided he needed groceries.
2	Have you ever had a nightmare?	I dreamed that I was showing my grandma how to use the gas hob, and the next day I spent a fair while searching for something to light ours with, before remembering that we don't have a gas hob.. We've never had a gas hob.	whenever I dream like there is money in my closet etc I always look .. Always disappointed, well unless its a bad dream and relieved there is no dead bodies in there	I started looking at some people differently because of what they were doing in my dream.	Dreams require sleep.. I don't do that.	Ohh.. Alright, so when I was seven or eight years old, I had this dream that in this specific part of our backyard there were gold coins buried in the ground.
2	Have you ever met a genius?	I guess I am old and have been to a lot so I'll speak about my first concert ever..  I was 15 and my mom got free tickets to see the Beach Boys with 3 Dog Night as the opening act this was the late 80's.	The last concert I went to was the first day of the Mothership Tour at Red Rocks.. Even with the disappointment of Snake and Dillon not being there I managed to have an amazing time.	I've actually only been to one "real" concert in my life.. It was an Aerosmith concert with Cheap Trick being the opening act.	It's been a long time since I've been to a concert.. The hours I work make it hard.	I've been to see Rammstein, Rob Zombie, Cannibal Corpse, Gallows, Angels and Airwaves, Slipknot, and I went to T in the Park in 2012 to see New Order and The Darkness.
2	How do you help your friends?	We get lunch together and talk about music.. Other times we cook food together.	Just hang out.. Watch some TV. Put something on Netflix, and just hang out and watch with some friends.	Often my friends and I end up walking to a nearby park and chatting about things.	How old are you?In high school someone decided we should learn hacky sack..  So we would stand outside in the street for 34 hours BSing and smoking cigarettes and playing hack.	Cards Against Humanity ! . Take up a hobby like dungeons and dragons or magic the gathering.
2	Tell me a little about you.	1. Navy Blue2.. Right now, it's Panic ! 	1 Yellow because it reminds me of the sun.2 No favorites, I have a lot of genres I like, but not much of a music person.3 Music box that had a candle in it.. Smelled, looked, and sounded pretty ! 4Because of my hearing sensory problem, I can't use head phones, listen to certain high pitch noises, nor loud eating or gum chewing.	1 Orange2 Need to Breathe3 Gas o.. O4 Loud mouthbreathing5 I am 30 and I have moved 30 times in my life ! 	1 Yellow, 2 AudioslaveAngel Vivaldi, 3 I can't remember, haven't had cash since 427, 4 asking something of me and then not repaying in kind, and 5 Very few of the jobs I've had have been in the same field..  I've built prefab homes, was a cabinet maker, was a locksmith, was a detention officer, now I'm in customer service, moving towards IT.	1 favorite color  turquoise, or pretty much any colour in pastel hues2 favorite bandmusician none, I'm all over the place3 the last thing you bought Plane ticket to Japan ! 4 a pet peeve When people sneeze without covering their mouthnose.it's RUDE and DISGUSTING5 something interesting about you!. I'm trying to be more frugal myself but generous when it comes to family and friends
2	What is your favorite junk food?	Brisket with beans.. How about you?	Bagels because I have had a lot of them and never get sick of them.	HmOatmeal??. Depends if its a cheat day or not.	Mako Shark.	I really love cereal.. I used to be into kid's cereals but am now more into Special K, Cheerios, Corn Flakes, and Raisin Bran.
2	What is your favorite sports team?	I've never really been into sport although I live in Missouri so when asked I have to say Missouri tigers, as for playing sport I always had a knack for badminton and discus in school.. How about yourself?	arsenal.. who in fact beat galatasaray in the champions league today by the score of 14  what about you?	I am an old school fan of the sport in general..  My dad was a coach and a referee and I was a huge gym rat.	Love playing and watching soccer.. Huge Arsenal fan.	Gymnastics, there are no "teams" but I like Aly Raisman
2	What is your favorite TV show?	The inbetweeners.. I love the hell out of it.	Cutthroat Kitchen.	Parks amp Recreation. Incredible from start to finish.. One of two TV shows I've seen alongside Futurama where I've liked every single episode.	Breaking Bad.. This show's development and immersion is seriously just unparalleled in my opinion.	Of all time  Breaking Bad, for the incredible, layered writing and acting that sucks you in even if you're a sceptic as I was.. Right now  The Flash, not for being perhaps the most artistically adept show, but it sure is consistently exciting and entertaining, and I can always count on it for a fun hour.
2	Are a fan of any sports team?	The only other team I somewhat follow are the White Sox, I'm not the biggest sports person but my dad always liked the Hawks so it became the one sport I actually follow.	Arsenal please don't hate me	I hate sports.	I am from the eastern part of Germany and when it comes to soccer I am a huge Erfurt Fan, the Bundesliga clubs are situated in the western part of Germany..  I am more a football Fan and in the NFL my favorite team are the Broncos.	I'm Canadian, live in Ontario.. There was never any question.
2	Are you a member of any clubs?	Nah, just party with friends.. Spring break is starting so lots of drinks will be had.	That's a good idea, but no.	Yeah they are my local team third tier of professional football in England follow them home and away.. So many good memories.	Ask the president or other board member if you can miss every other week to attend another club.. People are usually fine with that	Joe McCarthy?.  Is that you?
2	Are you currently in your dream job? 	Honestly I'm just looking for anything available.. I had been a teller at a credit union, but I made a stupid decision and quit in January and unfortunately I've only worked a few weeks since then.	somewhere nearer.. more towards the creative side..	I'd like to be a successful author haha.. I love writing.	Lastly, I think deciding to be friends only works up to the age of 7.. Afterwards it works better if you click on some level, whether it be having common interests or a similar sense of humour etc.	I'd love to do more work with building databases and updating things.. At my old job I basically played hideandseek with equipment labels while calling technicians from other buildings and coordinating their hideandseek games.
2	Are you satisfied with your internet speed?	Too slow, too much.	I get 2525 with Verizon Fios in Northern VAI pay ~45 depending on taxes.	30mbs down, 5mbs up.. I pay 70.I used to live in where there was Google Fiber for the same price	60 down 4 up, 30 USD a month.. Charter is great with competition	I think my account is rated for 163.. I don't actually get that.80.00 a month.
2	Could you be a good security guard?	I work for an insurance company, nothing really happens that is scary.. Maybe someone having a heart attack at work and we have to call 911	I've loved staying up late since i was a kid, and since lots of crazy people hate graveyard shifts I was able to choose which sites I wanted to work at when I started with this company.. Its great.	security guard unfortunately lol	Brooklyn ! . But Williamsburg, which is relatively safe.	No, I'll find that out when I finish basic training and "A" school.. As for trade school it wouldn't be a bad option, but the government will pay for my college when I'm out so I'll probably take some classes just for fun along with whatever else I need.
2	Did you ever watch any Japanese animation?	I've only seen My Neighbor Totoro, but I liked it ! . And Pokemon, if that counts?	That's in Japan.	Am currently on Attack on Titan	The Longest Week  Jason Bateman, Olivia Wildeand Drinking Buddies  Olivia Wilde, Jake Johnson, Anna KendrickDunno why Olivia Wilde's in them both tho, totally chose them at random.. They're both good though, not great but good enough.	I watch mostly the "mainstream" ones.. Right now I'm watching Akame ga kill, the irregular at magic high school, sword art online 2, and fate zero.
2	Do you have a favorite stationery item?	Paul.	Thats a toughie ! . I will go with either The Stand by Stephen King or The Silence of the Lambs by Thomas Harris.	hmm i love the notebooks sold at my local Japanese mall.. the paper quality is awesome and they look nice with simple designs.	Laugh out Loud from CBC radio	I see you watched Wolf of Wall Street.
2	Do you have a fear of heights?	The biggest problem is that doing things costs money..  People love to say, "just quit your job and go travel places, find yourself", but unfortunately for a lot of people, that is not a possibility.	"Your existence is more important than our society."	It's not really high as much as it is a zombie like state.. I am conscious for periods of time and then I may be out of it for a few minutes.	Call me literal but I don't see how I can walk, or flaunt or do whatever I want..if my legs are a potted plant?. It sucks my head is a stop sign too.	.What if everything was spiders?
2	Do you have plans for the weekend?	I'm going to dinner with my friends who have just finished their medical exams at an italian restaurant and then probably a night out dancing with the girls in the group.. It should be really nice, thanks for asking.	Other than to finish my work and be a lazy bum, nope D	Oh.. I'm not sure.	I want to finish painting my bathroom, do some sketching, play some videogames and take a walk with my dogs..  Also, mind me, it's very warm here, I need to go to the lake sometimes  ! 	We are putting in the rest of our garden this weekend.. Can't wait until we have fresh veggies again.
2	Do you like to follow political news?;	Hell. yes I do.	I have my dashcam for 2 years so far, and I've never taped any accidents.. The only video I ever shared has been taken on our way home from a friend's party.	What's for my English, well, it seems that I am just learning it for too much time  Actually we have a compulsory subject of foreign language in schools.. I don't have figures, but as I get it, English is the most popular language to learn, 2nd and 3rd are German and French.	Take into account that American culture is car culture, while Russian is definitely not yet.. I can remember times even within my lifespan when owning a car wasn't for everyone.	Ruling out HuffingtonPost, The Guardian, FOX News opposite side of the coinAlJazeera and RT are both good.
2	Do you think fish make good pets?	I have one picture of my dog.. He's wearing my underpants.	70 gal fresh water aquarium with a dozen or so fish.. A bearded dragon.	A cat named Lola and a schnauzer dog named Tina.. Love them both.	I have 2 pitbulls, Bosco and Bronson.. I love them to death.	8 cats, 5 dogs.. Like seriously, we have a little tiny cat petting zoo.
2	Have you ever competed in a marathon?	I have won a race or two, yes.. But I wouldn't say I'm a big deal.	Only with my brother ! . Broke his nose once though.	Actually not.. I mean I punched a bully in 5th grade 12y but since then I went on peacefully.	Yes.. When I was in 4th grade, I was trying to defend my friend from this girl so I wrapped my legs around her legs so he could get away.	When I was younger like really young I had a tendency to start a fight with anyone, as I grew up you might say I matured a little so I avoid physical conflict at all costs, I think I have decent conversing skills to the extent I can deescalate conflict mainly using socratic questioning if you have heard of it to make the other person think about the situation before acting.
2	Have you ever lived on your own?	I've fallen in the mountains twice.. Once on snow were I slipped on ice and fell maybe 23 meters ~10 feet onto a steep slope.	Yes, I have, but I came in here thinking you were meaning something totally different.	When I was a child and my family went to California I almost died from a rip tide.. Nobody saw me so no one could have come get me.	Hmm.. I was once on a theme park ride when I was like 16, one of those where you sit in the pendulum thing and it swings until you're eventually doing 360s.	like romantic crush?. well it's more friendzone so NOPE for me.
2	Have you ever seen a shooting star?	I have probably seen more than 50 and I still get excited every single time.	Comet sightedIT'S AN OMEN  lose one stability	I was saw first shooting star a couple of months back.. Couldnt stop screaming with excitement.	You are NEVER too old to be excited about seeing a shooting star! 3	Did you remember to make a wish ? . I don't see them much anymore since I live in a city with light pollution.
2	How can we make society more fair?	Yes I do live in the U.S. but have only been in about 5 other states than my home state.. And I really don't understand what you are asking in the second question.	I don't know.. I have plenty of male friends, but they, or other men just don't seem to register me as a potential partner.	that's true. perhaps i'v had worse relationships than you lol	I think we need to move away from the stereotypes of how men and women should act.. Men to be strong, women are weak and emotional.	The movies, parties, simply hanging out, laying under the stars on that really nice trail, just anything.. People plan them out right in front of me and do not show any intention of wanting me to come.
2	How do you deal with sad memories? 	Losing someone is hard and grieving is complicated.. There are so many ways one can grieve and it's too hard to say what mechanism will work for someone else.	I am sorry about your loss.. Accept grief, don't fight it.	I can tell you how not to deal with it.. Last time i was grieving, I just decided to distract my thoughts and like, think of something completely unrelated.	Normally, I'd say start with screaming for 2 minutes, punching a pillow, crying for 10 minutes, and then accepting that it could've been worse	I focus on my work.. I. E my music
2	What is your favorite thing about yourself?	My face and my pretty acid sense of humor.	I am very, mentally together, I guess.. I have a good feel for my own emotions and what causes them, and I have a very powerful mastery of my own mind that helps me with anxiety and stress.	I think that I'm a really good friend.. I'm loyal amp trustworthy.	It's gotta be my compassion, openness, mellow nature.. I am very much a people person who could get along with just about anybody and I work in special needs so my personality comes in handy to calm down others.	I've been fighting clinical depression and anxiety along with having AvPD and RCSE for 11 years and I'm still alive.. I've cut, I've tried to take my life, but I'm still here.
2	What season do you like the most 	Policey type things, because I want to be a police officer someday.	For money I'd try lol	Money	I really loved it.. But that could also just be a biased answer because I am such a fan of the series.	Can't swim at the beach in winter.. Looking forward to getting back in the water away from water parks and pools.
2	When did you start to learn English?	Started about 4 and a half years ago.. I moved here.	Yes	I'm learning too.. I went through codecademy.	Well I dont know how to code to a great extent, but can read a little, and understand how most of it works to a point where i can iron out errors.. The way I learned is to play around with it, and if youre planning to use it to make games, go to the Unity website where they walk you through making a game where they give you all the assets and walk you through the coding.	Oh dear god, don't start with C. Echoing what others have already said, while C teaches you some very valuable skills if you want to be a serious programmer particularly pertaining to pointers and memory management, which you never have to worry about in a language like Java  think of Java as a language you say "Go do this and take care of everything, peace out" to, whereas C would be more of a "WAIT before you go do this let me make sure you have x and y and z set up, now do that, oh and I need to make sure I clean up after you when you're done ! ".. If you're just starting to pick up programming, use a more beginnerfriendly language so you're not trying to learn too much at once.
2	When do you feel bad for yourself?	O feel bad for you?	1. Stop drinking coffee if you do2.. Don't rule anything out  there are definitely ways to travel on the cheap, such as cough surfing and whatnot.	Yoga helps with my depression.. Whenever I'm in a funk I either pull out my mat or go to a class at the local studio.	Hey, man.. It sounds like you and I are very much in the same boat in a lot of ways.	I've dealt with depression for around 10 years.. That and anxiety.
2	Who is your favorite person on TV?	Pam and Jim from The Office US	Mine is Andy and April from Parks and Rec as well.. That's basically my ideal, dream relationship.	Jadzia Dax and Worf	James and Riley from The Next Step ! 	Chuck and Sarah from Chuck
2	why do you want to learn English?	Mixingrecording music.. I can make it, I just don't have the means to record and share anything outside of LBP.	everything i can possibly suck into my brain	I don't even know ! . Lol	Me?. I just want to learn 34 foreign languages and how to get hired as a supervisor making a sick amount of  so I can travel the world when I retire.	I'd like to learn how to make some fun computer programs.
2	Are there any foods you hate to eat?	Bloodsausage ! . Yum yum yum.	I had bacon and tomato in a tortilla wrap the other day because there wasn't any fresh bread left, it was quite nice.. I like Branson pickle with cheese and ham sandwiches.	Frozen blueberries with cream poured ovwr them.. It's like blueberry ice cream and it's delightful.	I sliced strawberries in a big bowl of milk.. Frozen grapes.	Your second one sounds awesome, I'll have to try it.. Lately I've been interested in interesting ingredients like spinach and sweet peppers and putting them in many things.
2	Are there seasons where you live? How many?	10, thus far ! 	Okay so.. I was born in America.	I grew up an hour or so outside, but after college I moved into town on Capitol Hill.. I've had a great time living in the thick of things but am feeling ready to try somewhere new.	17 of them.	10.
2	Are you a messy or a neat person?	Overall an animalperson, but I'm too lazy to have a dog.. So cat person ! 	I'm a guy I didn't know them at all, which is precisely why I don't know how that happened.. It was in a weeklong summer camp on Thursday night there was a singing contest and I got to sing with a local band.	3 guesses, not bad	I'm a guy, was valedictorian in my HS class, have a 4.0 in uni so far, and hope to get into a fairly prestigious law program early under special admissions.. in general I like to think of myself as a bit of an academic so I feel a bit ridiculous listening to "Guchi bandana, guchi guchi bandana, guchi bandana, guchi guchi bandana, guchi bandana."	Tall male p
2	Are you good at fixing problems with technology?	Computer Engineering.. At all interested?	Nowhere near because they're just ignoring me and saying they're too busy to talk to me.. Not like I can just easily go and talk to them in person either, they live 200 miles away from me now.	I second this.. Math is generally taught in school grade school as computation and plugging stuff into formulas without any context or creativity, but math doesn't have to be like this.	Just that I'm seeing someone else at work and fooling around with them.. I have a guy friend that works near my dept.	Currently taking 15.. 12 more evenly distributed between the next two summer semesters, and then 15 more next fall.
2	Are you or do you know any vegetarians?	Sorry.. Subgenres of metal.	I was making a funny.. It's been 10 years since I got a summer break	eh	I've never really had an opportunity to wear them, but I feel like I would enjoy them if I had the chance to wear em.	I want more.. I'd like to have more opportunities to be social.
2	Can you recommend a good book to me? 	Since you like King, have you read any Dean Koontz?. Lightning is one of my fave books.	The Book Thief  Markus ZusakThe Kite Runner  Khaled HosseinDune  Frank HerbertI Kill  Giorgio Faletti	The Goldfinch, by Donna Tartt	I really like The Winner by David Baldacci.. If you liked Gone Girl I think you'll like it a lot.	I'm listening to the audiobook of The Martian by Andy Weir, and it's amazing..  Most of it is written in the style of journal entries, so it works really well in audio format.
2	Do you have a high tolerance for pain?	"Your existence is more important than our society."	The biggest problem is that doing things costs money..  People love to say, "just quit your job and go travel places, find yourself", but unfortunately for a lot of people, that is not a possibility.	It's not that I'm not sure about what to get, it's just more of the general idea that I'm not quite sure about.	I might want to teach.. Politics, society and such really interests me, but chances are I don't have the grades to get into university to study that and eventually become a teacher..	Hmm, I guess it also depends on the country's weather and humidity.. In England its very wearable.
2	Do you know how many bones you have?	6 that I can think of right now, might have 1 or 2 more.	I currently have 5.. I have one Touch, one Classic, one Nano and two Shuffles.	TEN TOES.	At least 0, but maybe more.	A lot.
2	Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?	I love cartoons.. South park just sermed stupid and childish, ironically enough.	Let's just say he didn't really liked me for no obvious reason and he encouraged others not to like me aswell.	Oh man, that's a tough one.. Religiously speaking, I'm agnostic, so I guess I approach the idea of ghosts the same way.	No cause I have no reason to P	I had high expectations and they have been blown away.. On the next version, I would like a speaker.
2	Do you like to talk about current events? 	I'm a welder.. I usually do minor fixing of fences and such for the family, rarely anything else.	I race sailboats.. Race photo.	I've never played Warhammer but I love board games ! . I've been acquiring them pretty rapidly and need to stop because a oh my wallet b I'm out of storage space and c I have a few still unplayed games, and won't be able to play a few of the ones I just bought for a while.	I draw, 3d model, play elite dangerous, play disc golf, play tennis, rock climb, stargaze, do astrophotography.. Ask me about any of them.	Uh.man, I gotta lot.. XWing TMG.Drumming.
2	Do you stay in hotels when you travel?	If we can time travel, I feel it could only be forward in time because no one has come back to the past yet, if you get what I mean.. Where's a place in the world you want to travel to?	The moon.. I travel constantly for work and i prefer to be home.	Peru.. Scotland, Sweden and Italy.	Nowhere, really.	I live in Texas  and in general I think I want to travel to Mexico and Canada and some parts of Texas
2	Do you think it's important to be thin?	I really don't think it's because I'm American.. Swedes generally like Americans very much, as they watch many of our TV shows and movies.	Well, I just really like Sweden and Norway ever since I met this Norwegian girl while I lived in Germany.. I guess I just decided that Sweden was cheaper.	I really want to focus on school, sports, and my social life though.. Maybe I should see how the first couple of months go then see where to go from there?	I've thought about putting on a little weight in hopes of building muscle at some point but I am absolutely happy with my skinny self.. Besides, I love those foods anyways.	It's really difficult ! . Forced stealth sections are the worst bits of any game, and this one is especially long and quite temperamental.
2	Do you think you are a good actor?	Having "good" morals and following them usually makes someone good.. You can't really define good because it is based on perspective and general consensus.	I try, though I could be extremely cold occasionally.. I try to help out people as much as I can, I listen when people are down and I stand up for those who are being mistreated.	No.. I Don't, which is sad really.	People say I am but I don't..  Mainly because I can hear my own thoughts on things and sometimes what I do and what I think contradict.	People like that I'm nice, polite, diplomatic and always try to see the good in people.. I always try to make others smile and I give cash to the homeless whenever I have any.
2	Do you think you could live on Antarctica?	I never said someone did.. I just said it wouldn't matter if you did.. Is that the only part that you read?	I live in Canada.. Its not the best, but I love my city because it's very culturally diverse.	Sydney Australia.. I live about 5 mins to my nearest station which is 25 mins from the citymy university.	I live in Australia.. Its awesome, but I think i would like to move to the UK one day	I live in Austin, Texas.. I really love it here ! 
2	Do you try to do good deeds often?	That is my good.. I want to inspire my example.	Don't know that either	Nice.. What were the last 2 you read?	That's actually really smart ! Although. I know there's more I couldshould be doing, right now I usually set at least one small task I want to accomplish each day, and in my downtime, I read a lot of questions on the various Stack Exchange sites to improve my knowledge.	I study foreign languages and medicine on my own.
2	Do you use any type of cloud storage?	gt Why do you want to transfer large amounts of data?. You a spy or something?	Relationships are over rated.. I liked unwind, but I couldn't get wedding horns to play.	I feel like if we did this in a church I'd burst into flames.you can take care of venue	Audacity	13 inch mid 2012 macbook pro.. It works great for me, and its very transportable.
2	Have you ever crossed the international date line?	There was some guy in 8th grade who I really liked and I thought he felt the same way especially since he admitted to liking me.. He never dated me though and I think maybe it's cause I have never dressed like the other girls at school.	She was younger than me and completely inexperienced at dating..  I almost thought she was playing mind games.	Talked with a girl that lived 6 hours away.. Didn't want to make it official because of distance.	Ugh, I'm pretty sure I'm in this situation now.. I dunno, I know it's going to have to end at some point but since I haven't exactly met anyone else I even like as a friend, I might as well stick around and have fun.	Probably quite similar.. I had a flatmate who was pretty confusing.
2	Have you ever gone fishing in the sea?	Heh, actually I'm in Michigan so technically I'm surrounded by lakes on all sides.. haha.	It's just detrimental on so many fronts.. Luckily I'm a pretty experienced diver	Are there not a lot of lakesrivers where you live ? . Because I know a ton of people that fish a lot in NE Ohio.	You should!. I've only seen a small part of the Pacific Northwest in the US, but its absolutely gorgeous.	My brother in law has a boat, so they go fishing.. Last time they caught sharks for dinner.
2	Have you ever gone to the emergency room?	For hip surgery when I was a baby, and again a couple of years ago when I had mono.	Apart from being born in one, nope.. I'm aware of how lucky I am, and intend to stay so.	no but i think i came close today.. i sprained my ankle playing basketball and it still hurts.	When I was 6 I had to get surgery.. I was hit in the mouth by a basketball and it caused this weird bump on the inside of my mouth to swell up.	Tried to impress some girls when ice skateing ended fracturing my ankle.. They had to clear the ice in order to get me off.
2	Have you ever gotten close to a dolphin?	CatsYes ! I don't have one?. I haven't traveled nearly enough.	Literally moved across the country last September.. Bay Area to TriState area.	Yep, when I was placed into foster care at 15.. Literally there was no one I knew	I moved from Tennessee to Tampa fresh out of college so still trying to get the hang of not having people just fall into my lap.. It's a little disheartening sometimes, but you get great at staying busy in a restaurant.	Funnily enough, I have, and it was also to Seattle.. I ended up meeting people by going to meetup groups and volunteering.
2	Have you ever subscribed to a streaming service?	most internet service providers have clauses against that	Yeah its quite feasable.. The biggest issue i can think of is one of infrastructure.	It depends a lot on the speed and the neighbours internet usage.. I share mine with a couple of flatmates and, though I'll admit it isn't the fastest, I notice it a lot when they are here.	Thanks again ! . I would never have thought of all those countries for Netflix.	Now, that is something that I shall do.. Thank you, random internet stranger.
2	Have you thought about doing a sky walk?	I am not Canadian.. American actually, so my Thanksgiving isn't for another month.	Just various idealistic and philosophical battles raging in my head.. Bit of cognitive dissonance.	I didn't want to be stuck in my Podunk town for life like most of my senior class.. My cousin was starting a business and i had some knowledge .	I really don't know, I can't pinpoint it.. I've loved nature all my life but something with birds just clicked.	Go for it.. If you get a chance to just go, do it.
2	What is your favorite kind of TV show?	Breaking Bad.. This show's development and immersion is seriously just unparalleled in my opinion.	My favorite recently has been Wilfred.. I've stayed up way too late many nights wishing	Metalocalypse ! 	Right now  The Flash and Agents of Shield.. It's a nice couple of hours on Tuesday nights.	MASH definitely is my favorite show.. I just love how it can make me laugh one second and cry in the next second.
2	What is your favorite place to take pictures?	Well I live in a prominently Italian area that has mostly various Asian restaurants, but we have a Moes which I really enjoy.. It doesn't really taste like a burrito though, tastes like Subway or something idk.	Nature Id say.. I think I'd enjoy portraits as well	In my room, in front of my PC.	For New Years I got to go to Leavenworth, Washington, and it's beyond beautiful during the Christmas time in which the decorations were still up after.. I can't really draw the intricacies of the decor, so here's a simple sign.	Reading books
2	What is your favorite side dish or condiment?	Baked chicken with potatoes.. Or Smothered chicken and rice.	Man.. I don't have one way I prefer.	I love chicken curry, my favorite comfort meal D although a nice simple roast chicken is always delicious too.. I love the versatility of chicken, you can do everything with it ! 	Well I almost like every kind of chicken food but my favorite is the grilled wings.. With salt and thyme, no need for a sauce.	nuggets
2	What musical instrument would you like to learn?	Guitar.. Started when I was 17.	I learnt piano and guitar during my school years.. I've played piano since I was like 7, so I'm pretty good at it.	I started playing music when I joined band in sixth grade.. I played trumpet but was bored with the music they gave us.	I played the clarinet, bass clarinet, French horn, and flute in high school, but I haven't picked up any of those for almost 5 years now.. I do try and play my piano and guitar every now and then.	I started playing flute when I was 11years old.. I learned how to read treble clef.
2	Are you able to solve your own computer problems? 	Actually I'm just installing upgrades to one I already built.	At the moment, I do not.. It seems as if things will be this way for a while.	I think the problem is that there are no real solutions.. I need to get over it.	Oh boy I'm literally in stitches after reading alternative 2!	I have and when I come home I avoid my computer and phone but just end up staring out the window.. I'm actually considering asking my mom to take me to a psychiatrist.
2	Did anybody ever play a practical joke on you?	I've been playing for a while  first in private games and then a long public game which I loved but that died after one person left the group after saying, "I'm not feeling this anymore," which I think left everyone demoralized.. What kind of stories	Seems interesting, I'll check it out when I get home.	Dumbest?. Get bitten in the neck.	I guess licked the bottom of my own shoe.. It didn't taste very good.	Ahahahahaahahahah
2	Do you eat out or order in more often? 	For me it doesn't matter.. They are always there.	If you hate yourself you can come live in Syracuse where I live and suffer the worst winters of your life ! . But in all seriousness Arizona is the place to go the house are really cheap there according to my grandma	I eat in the dining hall.	Sneaking in snacks AND movie hopping  the way to go	I've been to the movies alone a few times, and honestly, i enjoy it more.. When i go to the movies, i want to watch the movie and maybe grab something to eat and go home.
2	Do you get lots of snow where you live?	Yeah, a considerable amount.. The worry is more about the temperature, though.	I live in the Netherlands, so sort of cold. but it's warm enough to go outside	New Zealand ! ?. I want to visit there.	I haven't done very much research yet, but I know for sure that I want to visit Flensburg and probably Berlin.. Other than that I have no real idea, so suggestionstips are welcome ! 	okay doesn't sound too cool either pun intended
2	Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?	Lately I've been watching a lot of film noir, but I think it's time for a change of pace.	Definitely ! . What do you like?	Shawshank redemption is without question the best.. I like anything though.	I've never been a movies person, but I started to get more interested lately.. I'd say that I like movies with a great plot and clever humor.	I'm already a pretty big moviegoer. so maybe some lesser known movies that are easy to look over?
2	Do you think all animals on Earth are important?	I feel that eventually we will.. Whether it works out is another question entirely.	Outside our solar system, I'm not sure.. But I think in my lifetime, we will have people on Mars at least.	If we manage to avoid any apocalypses on the way, sure.. In fact, we probably have to.	God I hope so.. Maybe they'll perfect cryogenic preservation or robotics to the point I can be uploaded to a new mechanized battle shell before my meat sack expires.	I hope so, we're going to need a backup plan for when we ruin Earth.
2	Do you think eating cereal is a good breakfast?	Gosh, we're like cereal soulmates!. I don't eat it for breakfast either .. it's an awesome midnight snack.	Gluten free corn flakes.. I couldn't finish them though haha	gtI eat dry cornflakes for breakfastAt first I was appalled.. gtAnd I find them too big so crush them into smaller pieces firstThen I understood the satisfaction.	Good vegetables.. Bad cookies make me die on the inside	Absolutely nothing ! 
2	Do you think you are more positive or negative?	I want more.. I'd like to have more opportunities to be social.	Negative, I am a meat popsicle	I don't know Watt you're on about ! 	Negative.	Depends on how you construe positive.. I work with databases for a living boring but I'm good at it, so a couple hours a week I play with SQL to get better with it.
2	Does your country have a king or a queen?	Queen because then I would be Queen B.	I cant think pf anything	actual king of the hill from the show	Yes.	King for a day, i have no need to or the drive to watch and make decisions for people for more than a day to be a governor
2	Have you ever drived a car in another country?	Im also like this with other people driving.. I cant stand other peoples driving.	Haha. D	I immigrated from China to US when I was little.. That counts right?	She was a 2001 Subaru Outback 3.0, really loved that car	I like driving because I have a v8  so no, driverless cars can GTFO.
2	What do you have to brag about this week?	I've been making sweet coasters for everyone for Christmas they are turning out pretty well!. And I bought a house a few weeks ago!	Congrats!. My professor told me he wishes all of his students had the work ethic and integrity I do.	I got a 94 on an essay that I was sure would be a 70 at best, which was a lovely surprise!	Hahaha well I was hoping for general reasons that sound good and could help me get an idea of how to answer that question in more depth.	A band I like called Empire of the Sun.. Their lyrics and sound seem to overlap with a lot of my interests in a weird way.
2	What is your favorite song when you feel lonely?	Famous Blue Raincoat by Leonard Cohen.	The Rain Song  Led ZeppelinThis is my lonely song.. It's my favorite song.	People Ain't No Good by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.	A song I've really been feeling is Cough Syrup by Young the Giant.. I'd link it but I'm on my phone.	Get Lonely by The Mountain Goats
2	What kind of anime would you suggest I watch? 	I watched a lot of TV back then and Naruto was still big back then, Shippuden was just starting out, but that was when I stopped.. I try to watch as much animation in general as I do live action, recently I've been leaving a lot of stuff unfinished, I started watching Card Captors a few months ago and never finished, started the first Gundam series too, this last two weeks I've been going all over Dragon Ball again.	Go ahead	my buddy watched a bunch of anime, i never got into it	Romcoms.. I'm a dude that loves romcoms.	Most shounen typically.. I'm currently following one piece and fatestay.
2	What were your experiences at your first job like?	I'd like to be a successful author haha.. I love writing.	It was pretty boring, but sweet as well.. I worked from 73.	Congrats!My first job wasn't the typical one, it was research and analysis, which was pretty fun overall, since I pretty much got to do different stuff every day.. On the other hand, I learned a lot about things like office politics, how to deal with deadlines from bosses and such.	Congrats!My first job was at a bubble teasmoothie shop.. It was nice because all my friends came to my work, but it was much harder than it looked.	Oh man, I loved my first job.. In fact, I still have it haha.
2	What would your life be like without a computer? 	I wanna become a more responsible person.. I've been comfortable my whole life, which got me to where I am, but now I need to take a step forward and actually do something to improve myself as a person and as a professional.	I don't know what I'm gonna do.. No clue.	It's more or less what I figured it would be like.. I work on contract, and have been working at this place for nearly 4 years now.	I met my husband in 4th grade.. I always had a crush on him but we hung out as friends until we were 14 and his family moved states away.	Ugh, my choice is really weird.. Its a short moment.
2	Would you like to try living on another planet?	I am thinking of this with 4 different scenariosailens discover humans, we find out about them afterwords  we would probable become much more of a millitary state until we knew the extents of what we were dealing with.. The UN would gain traction and become essentially a human ambassador once we figured out how to communicatealiens discover humans, we never find out about themwell, nothing would change.	GeologistAstronomy Geek here.. Let's be realistic here.	I think we would end up murdering them.	If we found life on another planet intelligent life, not some small microbes I would like to think it would unite us in some way and allow people to realize that we all are actually pretty similar..  However, assuming we could communicate with them, I think that with the way things are currently it would just turn into countries trying to using them as an exploit to gain more control and obtain more resources to out do other countries.	It would be really bad.. If it was microbes or something, I think it'd be alright.
2	Are there any special kinds of candy from your country?	We do have grape fanta and raspberry but it's very hipster cause you can only find it in select few stores	I know about black, oolong, and green for the most part.	Maybe that wasnt the right word.. I mean, popular music is alot more about the image and the money today than it has been in the past	Hm, the only thing that comes to mind id Lykke Li and some of Woodkid songs but no idea, sorry	Hedwig and the Angry Inch ! .  I'd love to see it live, like on Broadway right now, but the movie is so amazing, too.
2	Are you a big fan of any current pop icons?	I am.. I love his voice.	I'm a huge AltJ fan.. Their first album was phenomenal and the next one is comming out soon ! 	Music Little Mix.. I am blown away by their sheer vocal capacity and harmonies.	I'm a pretty big fan of Patrick Rothfuss.. He's a great author and a really standup guy.	I think Reggie Watts is pretty much the coolest person in the world..  I wish I could just keep him.
2	Are you crafty? What kind of stuff do you make?	I dabble in a little bit of everything.. I thing the only craft I do regularly is crochet.	I'm not too good at it but I like designing games in my spare time, just for fun.. Board game or card game type things mostly.	I've made decorative pillows using old jeans before, but I think they are tucked away in a closet somewhere.. I also do a little origami, a lot of nail art, drawing and classical art, and some very very novice jewelry making.	People have been inviting me to outings.. Formerself would be like "yeah I'll think about it." then a few days later "Oh no, something came up.	I've only really started cooking recently, but I quite like cooking with things like calamari and cuttlefish.. seafood basically p
2	Can you use a number keypad without looking at it?	Yeah, it's on my phone.. My computer's got the standard QWERTY layout.	I have a Nexus 5.. I wouldn't trust myself, nor do I know anyone out where I am that would be capable of doing it, unfortunately.	Oh and for a secong I thought I was just skilled, oh well	I seriously had no idea some people don't touch type.. oo Maybe I just went to a weird school where they forced us to learn at a young age..	If you're not at a PC and you have no phone then you leave a message, the same way if you missed a call.. You're right that the level of inconvenience can increase when you are in certain situations, but they're not problems that are insurmountable.
2	Do you enjoy cooking? What can you make the best? 	Cook? For.myself?. Listen to this funny guy.	I don't know actually that's a tough question, it largely depends on who I'm with and my mood on what I get to eat	pretty much never I hate sport, so I don't like any Mode, an artist who is really awesome, supportive, and is toptier, despite what he does being a bit strange	I make stuff from risotto to ricotta to ciabatta.. My favourite would be my moms cooking.	I've been to the movies alone a few times, and honestly, i enjoy it more.. When i go to the movies, i want to watch the movie and maybe grab something to eat and go home.
2	do you have a current goal you are working towards?	gt what have  are you doing to achieve them?I'm working hard on my selfproduced music album.. Release is due May.gt can you work on all of your goals or do you think you have to achieve them one at a time?It works best when you work at 3 goals at a time.	Getting fit again and perhaps going back and playing soccer for a local team or trying to be a bgirl.. ?	Last year I finished designing one tabletop game.. This year I want to finish 1 digital game and have a second one more than 80% done  so far so good, making good progress on the first one.	Well my ULTIMATE dream you know, "if money were no object" is to be a professional screenwriter, and luckily one of my best friends at Uni is also an aspiring filmmaker, so as soon as we have the free time we're gonna get together and hopefully come up with something.not too big, but just so we can have our feet in the proverbial door.	I'm studying for my law degree part time, since I work full time.. I'm trying to pay off my mortgage  480'0 and 22 years to go ! 
2	Do you have any ideas for dealing with food waste?	chicken, oatmeal.	I don't know if it translates in any way but I suffer from recurrent ulcers and have a pretty strict diet.. It's much easier on the tummy and digestive tract.	NOTE  AM NOT NUTRITIONISTAs far as I know, pasta is extremely dense in calories.. So while it's great while you're bulking, right now it'd just be a hindrance.	Have you tried les spices?.  Tuna with lemon juice, italian seasoning and a touch of olive oil with cucumber was a favourite of mine.	It might be helpful if you go to the store more frequently and buy less food each time..  When you go, you should count on buying two types of fruit eat one type in the morning and another in the afternoon for a snack, some bread, lunch meat if you're into sandwiches, pasta and sauce unless you want to make your own, vegetables can't go wrong with potatoes and carrots, and a few different types of meat.
2	Do you think factory work would be intersting for you?	I work on an accounting staff for a furniture distributor.. Overall, I like my job.	I work in a Insurance broker in the UK, it's pretty boring and I'm not the best sales lady, but it's okay ! . I have certainly had worse jobs!	I'm currently in the interview stage for McDonalds jealous much?. but I work casual for a neighbour who has a delivery company.	At a retail store in a mall.. No I don't like my job, rather I hate every minute I'm here.	I work at GameStop ! I love my job.. Well, most of the time.
2	Do you think mosquitos do any good in the world?	Climb the harbour bridge?	I mean my friends.. Sometimes they are so annoying I just want to leave but then I'd have no friends.	I would write and showrun the sitcom I've been writing as a hobby for 4 years.	I want to be able to socialise in public without fearing to be judge.	Cry in joy ! . My cat's name is Waffles and she is rad.
2	Have you ever been up in a hot air balloon?	What would I do with 5,0 balloons? ! ?. But then I dont think i could go without balloons ever again..	Is your muffin buttered?	lol.i just picture her on the ground waving up at you..	Eh, i have two fans, both pointed at my bed.. I can only open the windows sometimes, as theres mold growing in own and the other faces the trash heap my neighbors call a backyard.	You don't live in central Europe by chance ? Otherwise we might have a slight problem
2	How do you unwind at the end of the day?	I'm a bit anxious about putting myself out there.. I signed up for some clubs, but I felt like I was just sitting there doing nothing at the meetings, and I auditioned for an improv group and I didn't get in so that sort of knocked me down a few pegs.	Friday  Similar to you, have a few drinks at home and either play board games, watch a movie, or produce music if I'm not run ragged by the work week..  Maybe once per month go out dancing at a club.	Smoke a bowl, play some league of legends, catch up on TV series for that  week and have a fap.. In no particular order.	After the week that I've had, there will be booze and comfort food and I am not going to interact with another human being facetoface until Monday morning.	Tonight it's drinks, food, and a show with a bunch of friends.. Other times I'm with my white trash friends to play cards and order pizza.
2	What are you looking forward to in the coming month?	With some saved money and part of my tax return I'm gonna get some motorcycle gear.. An exhaust, high quality gloves, and a spine protector.	My girlfriend is coming home ! !. Oh the walking dead and better call Saul too.	4 day weekend.	Well 3 day school week  and I'm looking forward to making new friends	Going to see 50 Shades of Grey with the SO is going to be a lot of fun.. We are going shopping before hand and thats something that we both love doing together ! 
2	What do you do at work when things aren't busy? 	drink.sleep.realize that tomorrow is a brand new day.	When it gets to me I just take my car after work to a distant expensive sushi bar where probably I'll never meet anyone I know and just have a slow, delicious dinner with two cokes and almost a kilo of my favorite cuts and fried shrimps.. I can only eat there like 5 times a month but I'll be dammed if I'll ever stop.	When things are really stressful for me I think, will this matter in one week?  Two Months?.  Three Years?	Fap eat sleepLivin tha life	Not much these days.. I like to fish a lot, but it's been so cold and rainy I can't really do that comfortably.
2	What is your favorite thing to do when you're alone?	I hardly ever get alone time.. But I like to read, workout while watching stand up on Netflix, run while listening to music or take a bubble bath with a drink.	Well I was going to say jack it, but someone beat me to it so to speak..  But really I'm a gamer so that's a big part of my spare time.	Just chill, listen to music and play some games.	Singing.. I'm truly awful at it, so that is the only way no ones eardrums get hurt	Risky question, friend.. What kind of answers are you expecting?
2	What was the last movie you saw in a theater?	Hercules ! . The Rock was perfect and the action was entertaining	Saw The Purge Anarchy about a week ago.. Definitely worth the watch, I love the concept of those movies.	Guardians of the Galaxy..  It was insanely good.	I can't remember the last time I made that mistake, but I remember it was loud, overpriced, crowded, and with terrible audio mixing.. I also didn't like the movie.	I have high expectations of movies, and normally lower my expectations for nonOscar movies.. Guardians of the Galaxy was a fun, cute movie.
2	Did you ever go to a dog cafe? How was it?	I only ever kissed my SO, and it was also pretty much like a fairytale thing, hahah.. Long story short, he surprised me by showing up at my college we lived 20 miles apart, it's a 2 hour bus ride, spent the day together, and he kept setting up these scenes where we could have kissed, but didn't due to awkwardness or interruptions.	I was 16 or 17.. Since we couldn't drive, my girlfriend at the time agreed to take a bus from her house and meet me at the mall.	My 1st kiss was during a game of spin the bottle..  I was 15.	My first kiss was when I was a college student.. I was raised in a religious environment that didn't allow any physical contact between unmarried members of the opposite genders, and being the good little brainwashed girl that I was, I followed the rules.until I fell madly in love the first time with someone with a sweet rebellious side.	Truth or dare.. She wanted to fake it bc I was in the awkward stage.
2	Do you ever feel like you are always running away ?	Is it considered running away if you move to some random city for the heck of it?	I feel like I'm not running anywhere.. If I was running away at least I'd be going somewhere.	Yes.. I also feel like running away.	People have different problemsstruggles in life.. It's not always the brightest and most intelligent person that lives the happiest.	yeah, some people don't have the privilege of perspective.. Maybe look into the differences between logical actions and rational actions like, most people are logical, but not entirely rational.
2	Do you ever have times when they want to be alone?	hell yeah.. I have no problems with social interactions and am pretty social, but after a long day in school there's nothing I want to do more than sit in my room alone with music	Sometimes I'll sit in my car for an hour when I get home from work just so I can be alone.. I love people but need my solitude.	I think it's completely alright to see solitude.. In fact, that's how I feel 90% of the time.	A lot.. Especially when my cousin is over.	Usually I'm a very not social person and want to be alone.. But sometimes I feel lonely and just want to do stuff with other people.
2	Do you ever use any home remidies when you are sick?	I DM for my friends Kaden, Alex, Mikey, and Mandi.. All of us except for Alex have known each other since high school.	It's the only thought process I've ever had so I can't imagine what not caring would feel like.. I'm torn between whether it would feel freeing or just really empty.	Sometimes I wish I had more time off, but I love what I do most of the time and I love everyone I work with so that makes it pretty bearable.	Why do you like physics?.  Can someone like me take a physics course if I struggled with college algebra?	It is what it is
2	Do you have any friends from a religion other than yours?	What's your favorite manga and why ?	Knitting.. I love it, I'm totally addicted.	I collect dreamcatchers.. My SO collects knives.	I hoard plastic bottle caps, I don't know why but I just want a box full of bottle caps.. I also collect all of my finished Altoids tins and currently have around 40.	Lego products  hobby that is infinitly customizable and the newest bricks work with the oldest.
2	Do you think obesity is a big problem in your country?	The children.. We have to change the children.	The biggest problem with the schools is the parents.. They're not involved, they don't take steps to continue their children's education at home, and they don't give their kids the tools they need to succeed in school patience, the ability to cope with failure, time management skills, etc.	The whole year you are just studying for exams you take in the last week of the school year.. No time for the teacher to teach what they think is important or anytime to slow down when the class needs it.	We don't teach languages from a young enough age.. We should have immersion programs in elementary school, or at least start teaching them.	We don't give poor kids a chance from an early age.. They have worse teachers, worse facilities, and unfortunately need more support.
2	Have you ever had to make a public apology? (How come?)	almost 6 monthsand im not really sure what i did	I've seen Rush, Devin Townsend, Children of Bodom, Septicflesh, Obscura, System of a Down, Deftones, Gojira, The Atlas Moth, All Shall Perish, The Dillinger Escape Plan, Calico, Adventure Club, Metallica, Norma Jean, Periphery, Animals as Leaders, Cattle Decapitation, The Ocean, Revocation, Aeon, Rings of Saturn, Thy Art is Murder, Crosses, Shining NOR, Retox, and Trash Talk.. Of course all of these are not individual shows but listing them individually makes it more fun for me to reminisce.	I've been to a few.. The best act I've seen was definitely Springsteen.	Off the top of my head.. A Day To Remember, A Loss For Words, All Time Low, Bayside3, Balance and Composure, Brand New, Cartel, Citizen2, Coheed and Cambria, Fall Out Boy, Fireworks, Foo Fighters, Forever Came Calling, Four Year Strong2, Front Porch Step, Handguns, Hit The Lights2, I The Mighty, Knuckle Puck, Major League, Man Overboard4, Mayday Parade3, Motion City Soundtrack, Paramore, Real Friends, State Champs, The Story So Far2, Transit3, Tonight Alive, We Are	I've been to a few.. They're not really my thing.
2	Have you had to deal with the loss of a pet?	I am truly sorry for your loss  hugWhen my family's first cat passed away, I knew as early as a month prior that she was on her last legs, so to speak.. She wasn't eating well, had difficulty moving around had to be lifted up to the couch and such, coughed a lot, and just slept for most of the day more than usual.	Yep.. The pet I grew up with had to be put down when he and I was 16.Broke my heart  RIP Blizzard.	I had a dog that I had since I was very young.. She had to be put down.	Basically my dog dying has been one of the hardest things I've had to go through.. She was a black labmix and just an overall great dog.	Many pets.. You remember the good times you had and are going tohave with your new one.
2	If you could have a single superpower, what would it be?	The ability to control every corgi in the world.	Cold War Russia.. oh, is that not the game we're playing?	Perfect memory.. The ability to perfectly recall everything I read, see or experience, as if it JUST happened.	probably mind reading, plus some mind controlling like professor x.i would control them into thinking i'm their leader or something, and then rule the world. or maybe just force them to dance so i can hold a worldwide macarena.	I would have the single superpower of being omnipotent.
2	If you could interview one deceased person, who would you choose? 	Jennifer Lawrence.. She is just so cool ! 	Ishmael Beah	I wouldn't want to bother anyone that much xx	Myself.	Sam Elliot.. I could listen to that guy's voice for ever.
2	If you could live anywhere on Earth, where would you go?	Somewhere that isn't the southern US or similar to the southern US. And preferably somewhere with a good government healthcare system, free or lowcost tuition for students, a minimum wage higher than 10hour, and the ability to get around easily without a car.. Also should mention I have nothing against people who like the South just not my cup of tea.	Northern US or Canada.or somewhere cool for most of the year.. I like summer as much as the next guy, but it's still too hot.	I'd move to the mountains in.. Anywhere.	I fell in love with the town of Miagao in Iloilo, Philippines.. It's still a sleepy, small town with that lazy provincial air.	i'd go to swiss for the scenery and its supposed cheap cost of living
2	Is there something in the world that you want to change? 	Get rid of the humans.. Sadly, that is the only that world peace cam be achieved in my eyes.	I love you, mang.	If you aim right you'll always have a clean toilet.	Relax.	Please be kind and empathetic.
2	What is your favorite thing to talk about with your friends? 	I am getting a Ph.. D. in philosophy but I generally dislike talking shop outside of the school.	Comedy	neuroscience, how our brains work and stuff is really cool..  Also, computer stuff, like server end, web development, bash scripting, and things along those lines.	Animals behavior in particular and sign language.	My favorite singer, nutrition, human body systems, etc.. I'm lame
2	Would you like to work in a huge company like Google?	My bad, I should've elaborated more.. So, I studied psychology focus in social and external stimuli in communication but I only double majored so I could have a better understanding of how to properly pitch campaigns, increase my skills in persuasive communication, and reading body language, eye movement, etc., so I could properly gauge minute details in people while speaking to them.	I would rather start a studio with other team members.. It would be best if everyone had day jobs at first.	It would be an unpaid internship.	I am so excited and happy to be able to work at the company.. At first I wasnt sure about them, but once I visited their offices and saw all the other workers and the culture there I loved it.	I have connections through my dad with people in the company.. My dream school at the moment is MIT.
2	Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?	Wow, thanks ! .  Anything you can expand on with the religious piece, or was it just vaguely "off" ? 	Gotcha.. I try to spend a fair amount of time exploring music.	true ! . solid recommendation any way you slice it P	Hush Yael by. Oh, Sleeper.	Mind mischief by tame impala.. My favorite song to listen to when really high
2	Do you drink tap water in your home or buy bottled water?	What kinds of food cause crystals to form ? 	Ew, where's that ? 	hehe, I drink 68 litres of water a day.. Don't drink anything else	Yeah I drink heaps of water  probably too much.. Maybe 4lts per day	Easy enough..  I will stop purchasing bottled water until CA is back on track ! 
2	Do you think some censorship on the internet is a good thing?	Your response is really interesting to me..  I have three boys and the two oldest are out of the house already.	Yeah, I had a friend pass a while back for a reason related to the prosuicide movement.. There's activists for the right to kill yourself, mainly with helium.	One thing you can take away from it is thisNo one will ever judge you harsher than you judge yourself.. Its hard to take at face value, but soon you will have to accept the fact that the most important people in your life are the ones who accept you for who you are.	Ya, I feel like we could have potential.. Another complication is that we work in the same department at school and the labs we work in are closely associated.	I don't know.. I think for me it's just that I can't pick up on subtle hints very well.
2	Have you ever gone up to the top of a light house?	this !  is so logical, yet so deep	I definitely want to ask several people "what are you doing with your life?".  I feel they either wouldn't be able to answer the question or give an unsatisfactory answer.	shrugs I saw them and I liked them I suppose.. Plus the lady was very charismatic.	I'll have to try that tomorrow morning	Nice!. I've only tried it a few times with my friends traditional longbow, but it was awesome!
2	How many different alphabets do you think there are in the world?	10.	Just one, my family.	Ooh I like this question..  My family  School friends Afterschool friends Online friends on Tumblr Online friends on Twitter with like 5 different denominations for different fandoms.	My family My school mates My club soccer team My school soccer team My rep.. soccer team	Family, classmates from university, from high school, from middle and elementary school, annual summer camp, church, dnd group, group of people I met online several times, summer job, group of people climbing on rocks.11 worlds.. not badBut, what if you considered a single world every single person's worldview?
2	If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?	I'd want to be better with the Girls.	My vision.. I'll never get to truly experience a 3D movie with only one functioning eye	How dumb and blind I can be.. Sometimes I focus way too hard on something and I completely ignore literally everything else in my life.	Im lazy, it hinders my whole life.	My skin.. I have horrible, horrible skin.
2	if you could play one sport professionally, which one would you choose?	I would probably choose invisibility.. I would just walk around to different places and just look at people and listen to them.	Flight.. Just.one time.	Invisibility.. I would like to know what people say behind my back.	The power of WERTHERS	Future Sight was probably my choice too.give me an hour to write down as many future lotto numbers as possible.. Alternatively, time travel.
2	Do you have a nickname? What is it? How did you get it?	How bubbly are we talking here?. I get called Badger or Honey badger because apparently I'm nonchalant about a lot of things.	Goldie or Goldy, Twin, B... Gold in my last name, I'm a twin, name starts with a 'B'.	I'm The Princess ! . You know exactly why.	I've had so many over the years.. Smokin' Joe, JZ, Smiley, Pedro, and Jesus Christ are the ones that come to mind.	Carebear or Care.. Because of my first name.
2	Do you like go to out for New Years or just stay home?	lots of Pentazemincatheters at the ready	Just a visit currently!. I have lots going on at home right now	Pay just to visit home.. Yes.	oh god thats crazy school and full time work.. i feel like i can barely work part time.	nah to be honest i feel like they dont even need me now.. i work in IT but its a small company maybe 50 ppl there are 2 of us.
2	Do you like seeing a movie in a theater or at home better?	See how far ahead you can predict what will happen.. Sit next to the person you like the least and once you've got it figured out, turn to him and say, "I'll bet you Bruce Willis was really dead the whole time," or whatever your prediction is.	These movies are typically designed to be accessible to everyone even those who haven't seen the previous movies.. You really shouldn't have any issues understanding most of the plot.	Think about life?. Contemplate about your problems?	Sleep	Wear a sweater.. Take your phone and turn the brightness all the way down.
2	Do you like your name? If given the chance, would you change it?	I think every kid goes through a phase of not liking their name.. Now I'm pretty content with it.	Nope !  .. Which is why I go by Zee and have for about 5 years now.	Jamie..  I'm ok with it, and don't think I would change it.	I like mine	I like mine so much sometimes i get worried I might be egocentric
2	Do you think it would be easy to learn to fly a plane?	I'd like to think I'd be calm but I know I'd be freaking out.. Probably crying my eyes out.	I'd probably find some kind of irony associated with me dying on a plane because I'm too analytical to enjoy myself most of the time	I'd probably get nervous, close my eyes, and wait.. After a while, there would be a strong pressure that I'll flinch for, not that it'll change anything.	I'd probably try get control of the aircraft myself.. no, I'm not crazy ! 	Panic.
2	Do you think you have a voice that would be good for narration?	I think my voice is pretty good, especially for certain uses.. I all most landed a big scifispace opera kind of book series that would've been really sweet and the book was so much fun ! , but it was one of those that got flooded with pros.	I can't, I haven't sung any songs because I sound abysmal, I can't hit any notes and can't carry a tunes either.. But I can read and talk quite well p	Thanks ! . We'll see what the future holds, you never know what will happen especially in an unstable industry like music.	Haha yeah that's true,but to be honest, i think everybody has a good side and a bad side in them.. Well for this week, I feel like being the bad guy	Just doing what good friends should haha.
2	Every get so frustrated at work that you just want to walk out?	I used to do inventory maintenance for aircraft in the military.. I know your pain more than you can possibly imagine.	You are not alone my friend.. There are idiots everywhere..	Look, I don't want to be a jerk or anything, but very, very rarely is this truegtAt this point for me I just want to walk away from the stupid place and let em see how boned they would be without me.. Don't get me wrong  it's good to know where you stand in the company, what your worth is on the market, etc.	To me, there are somethings in life worth trying to work for.. Even if its hard.	If you could rant about him for 40 minutes straight you'd have something in common with him
2	How many cups of coffee do you think you drink in a week?	I had a history of peptic ulcer and gastroenteritis.. And during the time i had gastroenteritis, i was also diagnosed with vertigo and my main trigger was caffeine.	It really depends i'm not exactly committed to any sort of schedule, I don't like wake up and have a morning tea or anything.. I do drink tea at least once a day from like a 10 minute session to like a 23 hour session with friends.	Today,  I stopped drinking coke..  I saw a video of someone boiling a coke and what was left was a black gooey substance that used to be sugar.	Twice.	Correct.. I can't stand the taste of coffee
2	If you could have tea with one fictional character, who would it be?	The Doctor and do what the Doctor does.. I would be his companion .	Issac from the video game "Binding of Issac".. He is a strange kid and has a twisted mind and I just want to give him a hug and try to fix his life and find him a loving home.	sherlock holmes, his analitical and rational mind amazes me, you?	"Hm, that's a tough one all right.. There are so many smart and witty people that it's hard to narrow down to just one." Pause, with a thoughtful expression on my face.	Honestly, I don't have the slightest clue on this one.. Hit me with another if you're dissatisfied with that answer, I really can't think of anyone.
2	If you could master any instrument on Earth instantly, what would it be?	The sousaphone.. Then when 'that guy' gets his acoustic guitar out at a house party I'll accompany him until he decides he's had enough.	Would saxophone qualify?. If so Id go with that, absolutely love it	I tried trumpet once, it was awful.. Probably wouldn't play any	Trumpet, because I already play it.	Trombone ! !. I love how they sound in jazz and classical compositions.
2	When was a time that you put all your eggs in one basket?	I did in my last relationship.. I was 100% sure without a doubt I had my best friend and soulmate.	I do this way too often. and I always seem to get hurt one way or another.	Scrambled.. Got my drivers license.	That last sentence made my eyes water with laughter.just too true.	Definitely going to try and pick this up.. Thanks for the idea ! 
2	Do you have a hobby? How did you figure out what you liked doing?	Aside from videogames and maybe drinking, I really like customizing jackets.. My father gave me an old jacket he used when he was in the army and I found some patchs online, I bought and messed a bit with the idea .	Chess, got into it because my parents played chess actively and I was interested.. 11 years later and I am still enjoying the game ! Music as well, once I truly understood what music I liked and really started digging into it, I found some awesome music, and one of my favorite pastimes is just listening to music, nothing else.	I really like crafts.. I do anything, really.	Other than the basic moviestvreading, my hobby is cosplay.. I saw cosplayers at conventions and thought it was really awesome	Gaming, reading, watching shows and movies, hanging out with friends.. Lots of hobbies.
2	Do you have your own website or blog? What do you publish on it?	we did the backend part  it was already designed for us.. so nice to be getting on to a new project now D	I don't write for a blog.. I don't publish.	Diario is what I use.. I never delete them simply because Id like to know that someday in the future when Im no longer living, someone will discover my logs or a relative of mine and they will able to know what I went through, they will know what I thought of certain people and places.	I used to use LJ. Reading it now is totally cringeworthy.	Leave no evidence behind.
2	Do you speak more than one language and how well do you speak it?	I can speak English, pretty well I'd say.. I only had Spanish classes during two of my High School years, but since my first language is Portuguese I can also speak some of it.	I can say almost anything I want in French.. My Thai is probably my second best language because of where I'm living right now Thailand.	I speak Japanese and Korean.. My Korean is still at a beginner level.	I speak Canadian French fluently because it's my first language.. I can speak English	I speak English perfect, spelling am getting better, but spellcheck only helps so much
2	Do you think that the type of shows that people watch reflect their personality?	I can judge a lot about a person from their TV and movie preferences, but a fondness for bad reality programming isn't really indicative of much.. You can get a really good grasp on someone's sense of humor from what their favorite comedy is.	I don't think it does.. I watch a wide range of television shows.	I watch anything that catches my eye.. I watch the Kardashians because I find it to be very funny, plus it helps when I'm bored.	Nah, I watch stuff like Farscape and Star Trek,  I like watching football and Formula One, Brooklyn Nine Nine is hilarious and I love it.. But I will sit and watch Jersey Shore and The Kardashians and Real Housewives of Wherever and I am fascinated by them.	Absolutely.. I think the humour you appreciate has a lot to do with your personality.
2	Have you ever set two friends up on a date? (How did it go?)	almost 6 monthsand im not really sure what i did	I agree with him though.. I set some high expectations for myself.	Unfortunately all my friend's have gone home for Christmas, otherwise I would be doing that ! 	sbstareIt would be a bit hard to be dating over the internet don't you think?	That's true.. The odd thing is the unwritten dating rules where are am are a date every few days, a week maximum.
2	How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?	My summer break just started 2 weeks ago and my daily internet life since then is1.. Read news2.	On foot. '	My problem is that I have no answer to those.. The future is scary man.	I don't because I don't really care for it	Once in awhile we hit a local casino, so a little gambling.. Online radio station club contests and such.
2	If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?	Probably Japan.. I love the landscape and the cities and the weather.	I really wanna visit Scandinavia so I'd go there.	So no one wants to go to Australia.. We're not dangerous guys.	Southeast Asia for the culture and food, Patagonia to hike the glaciers, the Galapagos to dive, and South Africa to go shark cage diving.	Another planet.
2	Are you married? If so, for how long? If not, do you want to be?	Yeah it's been 8 months since I tweaked.	Why?. Do you even know him?	Yes sure, cause im not the type to turn down a friendship	I thought about getting a tattoo to symbolize my weight loss, but I just can't think of anything that truly represents it.. My dad said this quote to me at some point and it resonated with me "You keep jumping and never land.".but then when I told him about that quote he was like, "	If I ever would get one, it would be a funny one.. A cute teddybear on my but or something like that.
2	Are you very active of do you prefer to just relax in your free time?	I cherish any moment that someone needs me to go shop for them.	I waste more time on the internet than I should but I wouldn't say most.. You're right that I don't feel like I entirely fit in with my peers, but I'm getting there ! 	Jeez	I used to be great at studying but I think I have some kind of ADD I just can't focus on things for long periods of time, especially things I find boring.. It would probably be ok if I could go to a school to study but I live in a tiny town so my only option is taking a half time course from home.	I really should look into that cause I do need some advice if anybody has any good exercises they do.. I know you're supposed to switch up on exercises and I don't have any to switch up with
2	Do you think people could live today if there were still dinosaurs on the planet?	Probably.. We already have people living in spacecrafts, I imagine if you had a big spacecraft mounted to a planet it would be about the same.	I feel that eventually we will.. Whether it works out is another question entirely.	If we pull off our glasses that block our peripheral vision, and put in time, money, and effort, we can.. It will be a long time before we reach that point.	God I hope so.. Maybe they'll perfect cryogenic preservation or robotics to the point I can be uploaded to a new mechanized battle shell before my meat sack expires.	Outside our solar system, I'm not sure.. But I think in my lifetime, we will have people on Mars at least.
2	Do you have a phone at home? If not, when was the last time you did?	Felt like 1965	Often times you'll quote a politician you know is spouting BS, but political stories often have a "he said, she said" feel so there's usually some semblance of balance.. but I've never seen something reported that was outright false.	would need to check my history, tbh.. i don't remember off the top of my head ! 	Then get up a walk around.. Or are you stuck to the chair ? 	That's true.. The odd thing is the unwritten dating rules where are am are a date every few days, a week maximum.
2	If you were going to make a video to post online, what would it be about? 	Basically, the game is a Dynamic MMO where the players build up the world and it's events.. Sadly, my school doesn't offer anything even related to computers	Basically, the game is a Dynamic MMO where the players build up the world and it's events.. Sadly, my school doesn't offer anything even related to computers	Yeah those are good ideas.. I should definitely look into being proactive about this	does it count if I've already started ? . Because I'm majoring in Computer Science, but I also really enjoy writing so I've recently started doing that more to try to get better at it.	Eh.. I don't like it in real life because I run out of things to say.
2	What do you do when you have to tell someone "no" when they ask a favor?	I'm not sure if I like the word 'urgently' either, as if someone was constantly waiting on your every move to jump to spend time with you.. But I do agree with the intention.	Hate that quote, but there's some truth in there..  If you don't feel you are being properly reciprocated, then it's a problem.	I like it ! 	I would overall agree but I'd disagree with the "urgently" part of it.. I don't need someone to be desperate to hang out with me, nor am I desperate to hang out with most people.	I agre.. My ex.. didn't really act like he wanted me around but I stuck it out.
2	When something is bothering you what do you do to help you not dwell on it?	I use distraction.. Cross stitching, card making, reading, computer games.	Well, presently, I've been doing the bad thing because I am dwelling on it.. I don't know.	I've been trying to teach myself beatboxing lately, and it is a good way to quickly just blend everything out.. Even if it is the worst beat ever, just the hum of my own thoughts created a bit of music is great.	I playwrite music.. Recording completely zones me out of literally enough else going on	Do work, like physical work.. Some ideas are like going to the gym, yardwork, housework, running and other stuff are fantastic ways of taking your mind off of things.
2	How often do you think about quitting your job and what would you do if you did?	I just sorta did.. Now I'm absolutely bricking it, just cried in the shower because I've no idea what I'm going to do with my life.	Rarely, I absolutely love my job at the moment.. Thinking about the people I wish I didn't have to work with, on the other hand.	All the time.. I'm finally going to be able to do it in a few weeks and I'm beyond excited since my job is just so boring and depressing.	I think about quitting my job every day.. I like what I do therapist, but I don't like my agency.	A lot.. I am living at home before I move a couple states away so I am saving up for that.
2	If you could get tickets to any concert in the whole world, who would you go see?	Somewhere in Scandinavia, I'm allergic to far less things there.. And I'll give you a counter question if you could change one thing about the world, what would it be	Japan, with like enough money to spend a couple weeks in.. I want to see what's going on over there, it's like peering over your neighbors fences.	I'd go to northern Canada and visit all of the national parks..  I'm obsessed with winter and the arctic and I think there would be tons of fascinating stuff to see.	I'd explore the deep sea ! . See creatures never discovered before.	Norway, New Zealand, and China.. China especially, my family's from China and I'd love to get get to know the culture.
2	If you could go out to eat any meal you wanted, for free, where would you go?	There's this steakhouse that my girlfriend took me to when we were just casual friends that has this amazing steak with peppercorn sauce.. It tasted so good, and the view over Las Vegas was quite a sight really.	I would eat at the Blue Bayou in Disneyland.. I love the food and the atmosphere it's inside Pirates of the Caribbean.	At the base of the Parthenon in Athens, about a block away there's this fantastic restaurant. I just sort of stumbled upon.	I'd go to a really good ramen place because I have an unhealthy obsession with noodles.	Cici's Pizza.. Then just sit and eat all say great pizza and brownies
2	If you could say something to your favorite celebrity who would it be and what would you say?	I don't know if I'd consider him my best friend, but at the very least he's a close friend.. Anyway I'd tell him that if he likes a girl, just go for it and stop worrying about whether or not she's got all the right political or religious views, and if she has different views than you, that can be a good way for the two of you to explore that difference and leave with a better understanding.	I sometimes wonder if I'm depressed but I don't think I am..  I've noticed that I feel down and have pretty much lost motivation since high school.	I've had a huge crush on your for 6 years.. The year we got into seperate classes you ditched me.	That it hurts me REALLY badly to see her treat our other friends with public love while she acts like I'm a punching bag emotionally and sometimes minor physically in front of other people.. That I absolutely hate having to question whether or not she really cares about me even though I know deep down she does.	I love you.. Soon P
3	Tell me about yourself!	24 year old stay at home mom.. Very happily married, 2 beautiful daughters 8.5 months amp 4.5 years old my favourite thing is being with my family  I also enjoy cooking and relaxing .. I'm pretty boring!	18 year old male from the U.S.. Currently going to school to hopefully do something in the health field.	20 years old.. First Generation Mexican living in California.	30M from Australia.. Currently at work, but the day is almost over .	16 yr old from Canada.. I'm Korean, love kimchi and Korean food and food in general, especially dark chocolate, if that counts.
3	Anything exciting happening this week?	Well it's like 945am on Sunday here and I just woke up.. I'll probably spend my Sunday watching football	I helped my bosses bosses bosses bosses bosses boss fix his internet.. That is all.	Nothingness sob sob	My sister went to the hospital for chronic pain and the doc decided there was nothing he could do, and decided to call CPS on her cause she left the baby at home with our momher grandma.	Just finished classes, and I'm leaving tomorrow for a 10 day camping trip in New York State.
3	Do you often procrastinate things?	Planning ahead.. I'll give you an example.	I am the procrastination lord.. But what has helped me get a move on is thinking of the benefits of the work you will do, and thinking of the results that will occur if it is not done at a fashionable time.	I almost almost wrote "let me think about it for a while and get back to you after.. Almost.	I work 13 hours 6 days a week, so that helps.. In my free time I have a relationship and train 3 evenings a week.	Just do it.. If you have too many things, prioritize.
3	Have you ever built something?	What if I become a time traveler sometime in the future, and go back in time to meet old me disregarding paradoxes?. Is it possible that I've already met future me that way?	Yeah that's pretty crazy.. In the future time wouldn't really have much meaning if time travel were publicized though	I am sitting alone in my room .. does that mean that I am the time traveller?	whenever I dream like there is money in my closet etc I always look .. Always disappointed, well unless its a bad dream and relieved there is no dead bodies in there	Ohh.. Alright, so when I was seven or eight years old, I had this dream that in this specific part of our backyard there were gold coins buried in the ground.
3	Have you ever tutored someone? 	Dude, have you ever tried to talk to a five year old?. They're morons.	You should just find what you love to do and learn to do it well..	First off, there are many different types of genius the very definition of genius is "exceptional intellectual or creative power or other natural ability." so Beethoven is just the genius as say Einstein.. One thing that has helped all widely accepted genius be so great is that they were absolutely passionate in the field they chased.	Nope most people I know got dumber.	I think it has less to do with smartness and more to do with determination.. If you're willing to learn and work hard for what you want then naturally you will become smarter.
3	When have you felt overwhelmed?	Like I'm drowning in work.. The finals for the trimester are coming up and I'm scrambling to study.	That's pretty tough.. I guess when I went to the University of Illinois after high school in 2012.	Probably when I was younger.. I've always kept stuff to myself, the only one to know it all is my best friend.	Well, when your brain doesn't want to sleep even when I'm tired and I've had a busy day, it can be hard to sleep for no reason.. It's just always been me.	2030 somewhere in that range
3	Are you good at making desserts?	I make a couple of things that I think that are pretty good.. My favorite thing, although it is ridiculously tedious, is homemade made from scratch cheese soup.	They were very good indeed.. And I'm pretty sure I failed the test	They can't be bad cookies or its not worth it.	Roast chicken, potatoes and carrots	Confession time I've never had pastries !  '
3	Are you handy at fixing things?	Nowhere near because they're just ignoring me and saying they're too busy to talk to me.. Not like I can just easily go and talk to them in person either, they live 200 miles away from me now.	Watching Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, watching my daughter's face light up when Indies dad shooed the seagulls into the plane was awesome.	I always feel relieved when a customer tells me not to worry about backing anything up.. So much less time consuming.	Avoiding writing a paper and watching Empire Strikes Back.. And laughing at Sonic Adventure 2.	Watching Bojack Horseman it's a smart show and figuring out how I'm going to make some money..  Is it weird that I watch Netflix all day?
3	Are you scared of any bugs?	Don't get me wrong, I'm not necessarily afraid of bugs.. But once you see a roach that big, you'll try really hard to avoid wherever it was last seen.	Yes I used to have a pet tarantula years ago and recently got to handle another one at a animal center ! 	I don't like getting bit. but I think they can be kind of adorable.	no	Not so much "like", but I don't go "NOPE NOPE NOPE" like a lot of people do when they see spiders.. They're alright, but I don't love them.
3	Describe yourself in a few words.	Quiet achiever.	Vivacious, compassionate, curious.	Uh.. I. do things.	Curious, Intelligent, Idiot.	Precocious yet insipid
3	Do yo have a selfie stick?	I haven't taken one today but I guess I'll upload the one from last week!	one for the road.	Hur hur hur.	Well, considering that was probably the 8303828 shot before I got one that wasn't blurry.. I would say it's not.	Selfie is self, so no.
3	Do you chat online with strangers?	I mean irc, QuakeNet..  So online, I do not use my phone.	Hey David c	Practice, man, practice.. Wait, wrong joke.	I have 8 I guess, but I don't live near any of them anymore so it's just texting or calling.. we pretty much just talk about life issues, ours and the world's, and games or other "nerd" things.	I have about 5 I talk to on a daily basis.. Our conversations range from every day stuff, work, and so on.
3	Do you regularly brush your teeth?	The reminder isn't for me, it's for my husband.	Or before!	This is genius.. I might have to start doing it.	I actually do.. I would turn on the water and stay in it while I brush my teeth before taking an actual shower.	Yeah !  Minty freshness and a hot shower is a wonderful combination.. You feel so clean!
3	Have you ever been to India?	No, but my father has multiple times.. I'd like to go myself eventually and experience everything first hand.	I did, but it was in 1998.. We had lots of fun on La Rambla.	I went when I was about 7. so I don't think I'll be able to help you much.	I've been there 3 times, once when 5 once when 6 and once when 14, do that's the o my one I really remember well.. The Camp Now Barcelona FC's home stadium is awesome and there is a really cool museum of the history of Catalonia.	I used to live near Barcelona a few years ago so I've been there a lot.. It's my favourite city that I've been to, you should be pumped because it's an amazing city.
3	How do you handle self-critical voices?	If this is what i think it is, picking a career, then no  ! . I found a passion, something that couldn't believe they paid me to do and for that reason i didn't have career anxiety.	Breaks aren't good, it gives time to meet someone better.	We really don't fight..  We don't have kids, we both make good money, we don't have anything to really fight about.	1.. Long distance.	There is no need for a break..  What you need is time apart, to do your own things and recharge your individualism.
3	Can you tell when someone is lying?	It sounds like she feels comfortable with you, but if you're not into her it would be wrong to take advantage of it.	Either she likes you or she is just comfortable around you.. I know that I tend to cuddle with my guyfriends when watching movies because that is just how I am, but not every girl is like that.	Purposeful armleg touch  into you	Ask her.	gt she was left to me and she always touched my feet and had her arm on my shoulder and I'm not sure if these are signs very bad at telling them.gt would you think she's into me?. she's usually not like this with boys, that's what made me think.
3	Did you ever learn something new online?	Yup! I've picked up the piano again and have started to learn how to code as well, which is fun.. Trying to make the best of it but frankly I haven't even been home for 24 hours yet and my mom has already made me cry so getting a callback from an interview would be super great right about now.	When I was a freshman in highschool I met a girl on omegle.. Turns out we lived in the same state, turns out we went to the same iron maiden concert, turns out we were sitting in the same section.	I did meet a guy from a random chat room i used to frequent, and we where pretty good online friends.. But we kinda lost contact, and stopped writing to eachother.	I met this girl online about two years ago, with the hopes of being friends and pursuing a music career together..  I had just stepped away from a touring band that was causing a lot of grief and loathing in my life.	I am a guy and I met my best friend also a guy online back in 2003 or so.. We live around 300km from each other.
3	Do you ever borrow your friends clothes?	Target, good will, amazon	I'll preface this by saying that I hate clothes shopping.. I still go to Sears or The Bay Canada.	I get mine from Platos closet sometimes, i can find some really great stuff in there for a good price.. I'm really cheap.also, Rue 21 has some crazy sales sometimes, They'll have stuff for like 3 ! edit I'm a girl, I got really excited typing this and forgot to read the part where you're a guy.	Majority of my wardrobe is LL Bean.. Rather high quality stuff, and they make a lot of great winter clothes for the Northeastern weather.	I buy most of my stuff from Gap, but I will get essentials from some place like Target or TJ Maxx.. I just really like the way Gap fits me, especially their pants.
3	Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?	I'm not picky.. I normally read fiction, but I enjoy nonfiction too.	Nonfiction, mainly	Yes sir.	Jeffrey Deaver has written some thrillers I enjoyed immensely I've read "The Broken Window" and "The Empty Chair".. So intense.	If you like Anthologies, Qualia Nous is a great one.. The first story is a reprint of Stephen King's The Jaunt.
3	Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?	Definitely books.. You can't capture the emotional thrill of an emotion correctly with a movie.	What kind of books do you like?	I don't know.. My favourite book is Cloud Atlas and I don't know what gene that really qualifies as.	nah..not yet.	I'd be down with almost anything lol
3	Do you think tongue twisters are funny?	About mountain biking or in general?	You know the guy that always have a weird video to show, a proper gif response, o remember some absurd news that become relevant like 2 years later?. I'm that guy.	19? 20 in July.	A big black bug bit a big black bear and the big black bear bled blood.	in German Blaukraut bleibt Blaukraut und Brautkleid bleibt Brautkleid aber Brautkleid bleibt Brautkleid und Blaukraut bleibt Blaukraut.
3	Do you think white lies are okay?	Well, I guess an inability to make small talk with everyone, avoidance of people's attention and when talking to others, I don't question certain trivial things such as their views or their values.. Up until recently, I used to fear talking to people fearing I'm annoying them.	You know the guy that always have a weird video to show, a proper gif response, o remember some absurd news that become relevant like 2 years later?. I'm that guy.	.where are you plucking these questions from?. Love is a feeling, an emotion, sure.	It's so confusing to me c and it's one of my prereqs to get into my major but I should look on the bright side at least i don't have to take physics or calculus	Well it feels like too soon is what it feels like.. So I'm firm in a holding pattern right now, no pun intended.
3	Do you think you'll live to 100? 	The top countries I want to live in Thailand, Vietnam, Ireland, United States, Canada, Germany, Italy and maybe France.. Not permanently, just for a couple of years in each spot I won't get to live in all of those countries though haha.	Spend it with my wife.	Take a nice, huge loan and go nuts.	Steal a car, rob a bank and go on a high speed chase while throwing the  out the window	I think..  Drum.
3	Do you use any online streaming services? 	What are you in the mood for?. I've got a bunch of different styles kicking around	Leave no evidence behind.	I used to use LJ. Reading it now is totally cringeworthy.	I used penzu for a while	I have also used Opendiary and LJ. I've also used Blogger, Wordpress, and Tumblr.. I usually end up abandoningdeleting my online journals or making them private.
3	Have you ever taken a class online?	I guess my music class is pretty cool, even though we don't play the kind of stuff I generally prefer, but it is still fun.. I also do like my physics class a lot for the most part.	No, although I did get a couple D's, luckily not in classes that needed a C or better.. I retook one of them, because I needed to know the subject for later classes.	Programming.. Or well I was.	i have passed several english classes, granted i havent had to take one in ~3 years.. regardless, i see that youre trying to degrade me by saying my english is bad which it very well could be.	Probably multivariable calc as well.. It's a tight knit class, we get to use a 3 by 5 notecard on exams, homework is optional, due dates are flexible, it's all around chill and the teacher is great
3	How do you usually sign your emails?	On foot. '	Several times a day, usually.. When I haven't checked the site in a while, it's less.	Has he heard of astrology?. Probably.	I know my sign but, only because it was still prevalent when I was a kid.. Now adays, I could totaly understand somebody not knowing what their sign or the zodiac is.	I know my sign ! . I thought it was super awesome to read about astrology when I was high school.
3	How was life different before smart phones?	You mean, without being willing to use a landline, and without keep a schedule to regularly meet?. They wrote letters.	It is insane	I had an iPod Touch second generation and fourth generation.. The battery life on either of them wasn't very impressive.	Because iOS and Android are two completely different system with completely different experiences that do completely different things in completely different ways for a completely different price range.. Completely.	As an American I have trouble understanding this obsession with iPhones.
3	What do you do to alleviate boredom?	Usually read.. Better yet, learn new information.	If I'm in a public place, I go people watching.. When I'm alone, I write whatever's on my mind.	Watch Let's Play videos, mostly.. I used to read a lot, but I've been having trouble focusing on it for a while.	Usually I just plan things out in my head when I'm in a situation where I can't do anything else.. Like on the bus for instance, I plan what I'm going to do when I get home, what needs to be done, etc.	I usually take my dog to the local primary school and kick a soccer ball around, but if I can't do that I watch TV shows or play video games.
3	What is something you love about yourself?	Technical stuff.. Coding, space, the latest engineering marvels etc.	I like how much i've changed since freshman year.	I am a guy who can talk to girls very easily  I have more girl friends than boy friends.. However I do not have a girlfriend.	I'm the world's okayest dad, husband, and guitarist.	I can almost talk to anyone within the common language boundary when I know what I'm talking about D
3	Are there any sounds that really annoy you?	Most likely teach English and maybe try and find some volunteer work with the UN too.	Yeah I thoroughly enjoy it.. Not really, as far as I'm aware the uni itself is pretty traditional, the courses are just a tad different and being in the UK no matter where I did my degree itd be the same kind of modules as I'm in now.	Thanks ! And yeah, pretty much.. You say that when someone has a tinfoil on, rambling about a subject.	I'm from India but I live in the US.	The latter, mostly.. I love the beats too.
3	Are there any TV shows you don't like?	Beat me to it ! . I still can't believe this guy played guitar with the E Street Band.	I'm rewatching One Tree Hill again right now.. Also, How I Met Your Mother is my all time favorite show ! 	Very much into the shows DC have going on  Flash, Arrow, Gotham, kinda fallen out of love with Constantine unfortunately.. Yourself?	Sure !  I would definitely recommend any of the following Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood Toppa Tengen Gurren Lagann Attack on Titan Death Note Sword Art Online Knights of Sidonia	Silicon Valley is an excellent series, one that I just rewatched these past few days.
3	Can you name some animals that use camoflage?	Yes, but not til morning so hopefully get back to me on that tomorrow..  Because I don't know.	Just adopted him today ! . Nickname Twinklebutt	He already has a name.. Rudy.	Nice question ! . Hard to decide, so I'll choose two.	well, my mom brought the dog home one day without telling me or my father, and i still am angry about that.. the dogs name is Brownie, and my cats name is Pumpkin.
3	Do you ever ask older people for advice?	Never seen that site, but what's the difference between that site and for example Tinder?	Talk to a girl you like like you want a friend instead of a date.. Also, be VERY subtly suggestive.	I'm the same way, I suck at it..  The only time I can get the courage to talk to random people is if I've had a few drinks.	I mean it could be, and sounds somewhat like its just them who are not comfortable.. Clerks and general people who are at work are in an extremely comfortable situation in terms of talking to strangers so even if they might normally be shy when talking to strangers, when they are at work they are in a position of power and are in an environment they know very well, so they have an extreme situational confidence even if they are not normally not that confident.	Hey mate !  I think talking with classmates is much easier than with strangers!. Just talk with them about how the weekend was, about sports, how hard a test was..What are you studying?
3	Do you have any exciting plans for today?	Exciting?. Not really.	I'm going to watch the World Cup final, obviously.. I'm super excited already.	How has nobody mentioned the world cup? ! . Edit Nevermind, it look like someone did	Nope, today is a lazy day My older brother and his girlfriend are coming to visit at 6pm today though, should be nice ! 	Played golf this afternoon.. Absolutely beautiful day.
3	Do you have any ideas for new inventions?	I honestly wouldn't even know where to begin.. My family never had any of those kinds of traditions unless you count drinking heavily which is a great one, to be sure.	Depends on what you are both into.. I usually go with comedy  animation to keep the mood up.	I enjoy this idea..  I have cooked a lot of food this week	I recently thought about an automated cleaning bot similar to Roomba, but for walls and ceilings, mostly in order to remove dust and spider webs.. The idea was to1.	Build a telescope.. You can find plans online for Dobsonian telescope using a large diameter cardboard tube for the body.
3	Do you know of anybody who was assassinated?	When I was about 14 I had a crush on my best friend.. I never ever told him, and I don't think that he knows even to this day.	Born and raised in South Africa.	I hope i never have the misfortune of seeing him again.	I tried feeding them to 3 other people before throwing the rest away.	I know right ?  ! . It's horrible and that story about your friend only further clarifies my concerns lol
3	Do you text more or call more? Why?	I text him, but he rarely replies.. I'm always the initiator of our conversations.	I work in a call center at a car dealership.. Calls are challenging when the customer sucks.	Yes	I'd love a good email ! 	I'm engaged, sorry ! If you're still interested in hearing my response, I write metal music.. I have two projects now one is a solo one i've been doing for 8.5 years I even play gigs, even though it's just me and a keyboard and the other one is a full band i'm working on forming very new, about half a year.
3	Do you use a clothes dryer at home?	i dont see why not, i live in a student apartment not a dorm so i keep it in my room, or on the balcony if the weather is nice.	Honestly, just pay for the washer and dryer.. You're in a small space, and you don't want to be smelling.	Yeah or at least as cheap as possible ala the 70 years old professor Video a month ago approx	I do.	The software..  I wish I lived in a place with a sauna
3	Have you ever been to a haunted house?	So true.. But so frustrating ! 	Yes but only with permission from the owner.. I don't touch it without a state ID or drivers license and write their address on the receipt.	I lived with a now ex and his family in Canada for 3 years and I'm from the US. He is Filipino so it was kind of like double culture shock.. I absolutely fell in love with British Columbia, though.	For me personally was lack of friends and not knowing the language.. Coming from a country in the tropics I love that everywhere had AC. I have a physical disability major reason for emigrating so elevators everywhere is awesome ! 	yup, I think the biggest challenge was language even though every country that I've lived in has high English literacy rates.
3	Have you ever made anything out of wood?	Yeah, it's essentially wood work.making things, fixing things.. No, I never had gotten into it.	i don't listen to hard rockmetal as much as i used to, but what little i have is very good. but you've probably heard alreadyBaroness  Yellow amp GreenRefused  The Shape of Punk to ComeSilversun Pickups  Swoon sort of i guessKing Gizzard amp the Lizard Wizard  I'm	They are a cover band that perform at a Disney park.	Not in the slightest.. I am made of meat.	Well your right about that would just drink tea occasionally but never really was interested in it that much.. Decided to sort of learn more about it and I guess eventually I ended up going pretty deep and realized how complex the tea word really is.
3	Have you ever screamed at someone? (How come?)	Whenever I see a good looking girl the first thing I think about is hugs and cuddling.	I didn't wanna give a cliche 'go skydiving' answer, haha..  Nope, I don't have a clue, and that's what I'd like to learn ! 	HOW CAN I TELL YOU WHAT THEY ALL MEAN WHEN WHAT IT MEANS CANNOT BE TOLD?!Man, I'm starting to miss apples, Johnny, and Fred.	Well, next time you're bawling your eyes out, say "booboo." It sounds stupid ! I say it in my head sometimes, but usually it's when I'm remembering that moment.	I am the danger.
3	Have you ever seen dolphins in the wild?	Nope, But I just read of it in the wiki.. Sounds very interesting, will check it out myself but I liked one section gt  he starts feeling "corrupted" by modern civilization and decides to leaveIt's a very similar feeling.	1 Saw a couple of deer in the park recently.2 5'8"3 Cheeseburgers and fries.	CatsYes ! I don't have one?. I haven't traveled nearly enough.	In about a week I'll be spending a night in the Seattle airport for a layover.. I really should've spaced the flights a day or two.	Why would I fight them in the ocean ? The fight would have to happen out of water.
3	Have you ever tried to make some origami?	Usually I only search for recipes when I need them, so when I find something, I make it the same day.. So yes, I've tried them all.	I've been wanting to take guitar lessons but it seemed like I'd never have the time or money.. Think I was just lying to myself.	Tennis and playing piano	I'd love to learn stained glass andor glass bead and sculpture making.. I don't think it's one of those things you can just pick up the supplies and learn on your own.	Archery.. I took a class at my school and totally loved it.
3	What are some things you are scared of? 	It's not a fear, let's be clear about it, but mushrooms in their natural state disturb me greatly..  Makes my skin crawl, involuntary shudder.	Losing control of myself	Not much, so long as whatever it is I don't have to do it alone	I'm terrified of cockroaches	Going into anaphylactic shock.. Even though I have no known allergies.
3	Did you encounter anything this week that was inspiring?	Something that kind of blew me away.. I am taking this fitness class at the University and we have three physical fitness tests throughout the semester.	I woke up today hungry.. Not just for food, but for life.	I was inspired by the discovery of a community in the city I live in.. I made a good friend recently that opened the door to me going to a number of house shows around town.	I got to drive the firetruck for the first time, so that was pretty cool.	Most interesting?.  Probably inviting myself over to an acquaintance's for thanksgiving dinner dinner was delicious and we had a nerf disc war after that was great ! 
3	Do you have any pets? What are their names?	I have a two rabbits.. My boy is named Pistachio and the girl is Cinnamon.	I have a neurotic dog with seperation anxiety and jack russell A badass cat who acts more like a dog Pick up her laser toy and she'll come running from two rooms away.. And a black cherry headed redfoot tortoise Who is also badass.	I have a dog named cassie.. She's between medium and large sized, white with some very light brown spots, beautiful dog.	I have a give year old female cat named Jupiter.. She's my little alien, hence the name.	My girlfriend and I have a white and gray cat with too many toes..  He's a pretty chill cat and he likes people.
3	Do you think animals experience emotions like people do?	Oh, that doesn't work for me.. Even if I'm around people who like the same thigs I do I can't connect with them.	That I don't like having guests come over spontaneously.. I don't really like having guests in general because I'm a shy, introverted person, and when I only get an hours prior notice I become grumpy.	I don't mean to be sarcastic 100% of the time.. In fact, I have to make a conscious effort to say something in a nonsarcastic tone.	I'm antipeople, not antiperson.. I would be able to feel well in a crowded room only if I got one on one time with every single person there.	I want to be left alone, I don't want to BE alone.
3	Do you think capital punishment is a good punishment?	Why do you feel that way?	Lets see.. Unpaid work?	Yeah I do believe in hell, and I personally think it would be more like, we put ourselves in it.. Like it would be our own personal hell, based on what you would think you did that made you deserve to be punished.	Not to mention I was not at a party of any kind.. There's a reason why I was asking for just a normal conversation with someone.	I am judging?. Because I myself am trying to stay away from that kind of lifestyle?
3	Do you think illegal downloading is a big problem?	Not really.. Suburban town I'm the US	I'll just get a second opinion then..  Which in itself is terrifying.	I need 3.50	Come to think of it I would somewhat miss them if they were gone.. P	Weerrl, it's not so much a problem until exams happen.
3	Do you think it's offensive to call people "crazy'?	Win custody of my children.	egstareEveryone always seems fascinated by the fact that I can code.. I'll probably make something really easystupid and all the people I show it to will be amazed someday.	Going to Ireland this summer.	Get a first in my university grade.. Which would be great.	I memorized ABCD backwards.. That will sure make some eyebrows raise.
3	Have you ever been in a really bad airport?	Family, property, job.. Pretty much the same.	Yep, my Grandad was in a hospital for a few weeks earlier this year.. It sucked really.	On 2 occasions I've had to spend 3 weeks in hospital getting bone marrow transplants.. It wasn't all that pleasant	So much depends on the hospital.. And then it will depend on the nurses on the schedule.	I take it you're going to be there accompanying someone else that's getting treatment?.  It can get pretty boring, honestly.
3	What do you usually do on New Year's day?	It depends.. Does my SO have nothing to do during the day either?	Day off schedule Wake up at around noon, after staying awake until 4am playing videogames Proceed to make eggs for "breakfast" Be somewhat productive.. By that I mean, by not playing videogames Drive	Studying , cleaning, and basketball.. Also procrastinate on doing those three things and then just sleep and watch a movie.	Enjoy your free time.. I spend my time Googling stuff, social media and walking the dog.	I usually think about how empty my life is.. And then consume media
3	What is your favorite regional cuisine in the world?	Honestly?. sitting at my desktop P	Sushi.	Burritos.	In the arms of people I love..  Basically, those are the only places I feel safe or at peace.	My bedroom in my parent's house.. I used to sleep in the same room with my little brother until I reached 18.
3	Are emotions necessary for human survival? Why or why not?	I'm not sure, how do I tell?	Originally, as a teen, it was religious, but no longer.. Now, I have had a few chances recently but.	I'm 21 and still trying to find my place in life.. Looking for a job which is really hard in Murrieta.	I'm in my forties and married for the second time.. I am happy and I have no unusual complaints that I would voice.	I'm 28, have 2 part time jobs that both pay over 10hour, just finished my psych degree and am now finishing my English degree.. I finished a minor in German, and am finally working toward fluency in that.
3	Are there any words that you think are completely international?	I just prefer to surround myself with people who aren't so sensitive.. Not trying to be mean, I'm just being 100% honest.	Yup, typing in the morning isn't my strong suit lol.	I guess what I'm getting at is value determinations.gtbut people define what's beneficial differently.. If you and I are disagreeing on what's beneficial to society, it usually means we have different values and morals.	Oh, thanks a lot.. That was more then enough.	I listened to literally every album they had when I first got into them.. Never thought to look up a music video really never watch them at all.
3	Are there are any societal norms you want to change? 	I think we need to move away from the stereotypes of how men and women should act.. Men to be strong, women are weak and emotional.	In your example about religion it makes sense if you put it in that context and I appreciate you answering so late at night. or early in the morning .. I think ultimately I find it frustrating that some people aren't open to the idea of change.	Well said.. But I'd argue that you dont necessarily need psychedelics for that, you need a sense of perspective  But I guess what you're saying is psychedelics give you that perspective ? 	Yup, typing in the morning isn't my strong suit lol.	I thought jokes were meant to be funny.. I don't get it lt
3	Are you happy? What about your life makes you happy? 	I consider myself happy.. I'm happy when I'm busy doing things and still get opportunities to hang with me.	I'm not happy at the moment, but I'm trying to change that.. I'm trying to improve as a person, gain confidence, and then maybe finally find something to do with my life, because I feel like I'm just a burden to my family and I really want to contribute and have more independence.	Happy comes and goes just like the rain, but overall, I am quite content.. My life has always been a bit chaotic, and I wouldn't say it's been easy, but I've had a lot of amazing opportunities and experiences that some people never get, and I've met more amazing people than I can possibly begin to count.	I consider myself happy.. I have a cool family, a cool SO, a cool job I haven't even graduated college yet, and I have started a job in my field running the digital marketing department of a company, I have good friends, a cool lizard.other cool stuff.	Happily married 18 years Happily employed nearly 35 years now.. Live in a beautiful part of the world.
3	Do you have any habits you wish you could erase?	I don't really have any goals, that is what bugs me.. I don't really have any materialistic desire.	Yeah it's made me more confident.	I don't dislike it as much as other people do, which may be part of my issue, but it has also been so comfortable having someone to depend on that I will miss it.. I really should have done this nearer to Thanksgiving, I think.	Wow that question at the end caught me off guard pretty hard.. Wasn't paying the slightest bit of attention to the voice in my head till you said that.	I do believe.. I also believe I really should sleep.
3	Do you think homephones could be improved in any way?	Not really sure i can manage much, i made it out last week for the first time in 3 months and that made me really happy  guess i've kind of crashed since then It's one of those things that i'm always bothered by  i think that's where a lot of my issues come from, i just don't think theres anything i'm good at.. I always worried i'm not strong or good enough to cope with anything and thats what makes me panic.	It's the only thought process I've ever had so I can't imagine what not caring would feel like.. I'm torn between whether it would feel freeing or just really empty.	Yeah he's been away, so I was thinking he could just stop by my work and we could go next door  get some food and just chill together and talk.	I work in a cubicle by myself all day so there's no real risk of infecting others..  I'm expecting it to hit in full force tomorrow so I'll probably call in sick, but I'm actually feeling not too bad right now, just kind of sleepy.	Hm.. A little of both haha.
3	Does everyone in your immediate family have the same name?	Thanks, and, well, get ready for a list ! . New floor on ground level, it's all gonna be nice tiles new kitchen all the walls and ceiling painted new couch and tv painting and fixing the stairs	I actually have been the friend that got called in the middle of the night.	My friends are the opposite, I have friends who I have a lot in common with, but no one who would answer the phone to me in the middle of the night	I wouldn't say people I have almost nothing in common with, but I have friends who simply aren't on the same wave length as me like they used to be or don't have the same passion for our common interest as I do or vice versa.. I have one friend who I know we still have things in common, but they feel so different from me now.	My best friend.. It is kind of weird that we are friends 'cause we have so many different interests and even our political beliefs are somewhat different but she would be there at a drop of a hat.
3	Have you ever won an award? What was it for?	I won second place in a fishing tourney.in Animal Crossing.. I lost to a stuffed teddy bear.	I won a raffle for a Best Buy gift card a few years ago.. Helped me buy an awesome first laptop.	At one point, I won two competitions a month apart from the same music magazine Rocksound.. From one I got a Roland Cube 20XL a guitar amp and from the other I got some free Macbeth shoes and two tshirts.	Don't remember but I'm trying to win this race next month.. There's a 1k prize for first place, so it would be pretty cool to win.	Like 6 or 7 years ago I won a years supply of Chikfila by taking an online survey.. I ate very well that year.
3	At what point do you decide to upgrade your cell phone?	When my 3 year contract is up.. Rocking a Blackberry Z10, hoping to stick with the Blackberry when I decide to upgrade.	Usually every 2 years, when I have to sign some papers with the provider. I always take notsoexpensive ones, iPhones are well above my level.. Now I have LG L90.	Just upgraded from an iPhone 4.. When it got to the point where it kept shutting off when it receives a text, that's when I realized I needed to upgrade stat.	When it breaks.. They've usually lastet 45 years so far.	I most of the time buy my handsets used, so I just upgrade when I feel the desire to.. It's not too expensive for me, because usually I buy outdated flagship phones.
3	Can you be homesick for somewhere that was never your home?	New Orleans.. I was there the week before and when Katrina hit.	Can confirm this is totally and completely possible..  Hope you make it back home soon.	the big apple.. New York City	New York City.. If I could live there, I would.	I think what you're describing is along the same lines as nostalgia, perhaps?
3	Do you ever have funny or interesting thoughts in the shower?	gtDo you like writing?Yeah but I'm not very good at it.gtDo you have a favorite color?Aquamarine is my fave color, even though it sounds pretentious.gtDo you have a favorite number?. Or letter?Not really for either, but I always felt sorry for the number 13.	Yea I my humor never really changed, don't experience outrageoffense though.	Yeah.. I spoil her.	haha, oh biking anything outdoors, sasquatch especially.	Joke of the day..  Q
3	Do you have a controled diet or do you eat freely?	Yeah I eat it.. Most of the time I just make something up.	pretty much never I hate sport, so I don't like any Mode, an artist who is really awesome, supportive, and is toptier, despite what he does being a bit strange	So let's assume I'm stupid and don't know any backshoulder exercises.. What would some be ? 	I get the urge every once in a while. but I don't get to go out often as I have 3 kids and drinking at home alone isn't much fun for me.	Sneaking in snacks AND movie hopping  the way to go
3	Do you think Las Vegas would be a good vacation spot?	We do enjoy playing slot machines and in turn we earn points towards FREE meals and rooms.. The sights ! 	Scott looked out the window of a 757 headed from Vancouver to Las Vegas.. "I am going to have the time of my life ! "	Serious question, what is it like living in vegas ? . I was just there for halloween and I had a ton of fun but I can't imagine what it would be like to live there?	Lol err.. A cold region of Europe	Going to Japan.. Enjoying the view and culture.
3	Do you think people immigrating to your country make it better?	Can I leave behind crippling self doubt?	My pillow.. Are you limited in what you can bring? Where you going?	I would bring my dog, my computer, my necklace, and my great grandmothers drawing.. I would leave every bad memory behind.	Besides clothes I would bring my computer, my great grandfather's pocket watch, and my favorite bottle of scotch.. Also my guitar.	Moved to South America and brought a gallon of maple syrup best decision
3	Do you think people who are good at math are smarter?	I'm not quuite sure I grasp the concept, but I'm thinking like If I try to explain something about One Piece which I'm about 600 episodes into most people wouldn't understand?.  If so then yes. yes indeed.	Not realy.. I feel sort of the opposite, that the generation that is growing up now is reaching a point where we have the opportunity and ability to be into the loop of whatever we want to.	Of course.. Every one is different and experiences different things.	Yes ! . I'm a software engineer, took computer engineering courses, networking courses, etc.	For me it's always been art.. I majored in graphic design with a focus in illustration at college and had private lessons in art prior to that, but I still see artists my age and also younger in their teens ! 
3	Do you think walking is good exericse? Better than weight training?	If I remember to, I get in the pool and swim every second day or so.. I don't really focus on one particular exercise, I just try to get myself very tired.	4 day weight lifting split for ~45 minutes 56 days a week.	I run 3 days a week anywhere from an hour and half to five and a half hours.. Sometimes I do parkour, yoga, kickboxing or weight lifting, but I don't do those as regularly.	I typically bike to work 4 times a week round trip about 16 miles and lift weights several times a week during my lunch break.. Although, I have a staph infection on my leg so it's been wreaking havoc on my workout routine and my general comfort level.	I do a min of 30 mins of cardio and then do upper body or lower body or abs.. So about an hour or 115 three days a week.
3	Have you ever been vegetarian? What did or would you eat?	One day when I was living in Korea I got out of class and was just super hungry.. The second I got off the bus I rushed into the nearest GS25 corner market looking for something to eat.	I was on a trip to New York with my grandparents and had the most amazing grilled cheese sandwich topped with pickled banana peppers.. It annoyed them at some point because they had shelled out to eat at this fancy Asian restaurant they thought I'd love	My dad makes awesome fried calamari or calamaro squid..  Every time I eat it, it is just amazing.	I've had so many unforgettable experiences with food.. I really enjoy eating food and whenever I go out to eat, I always think of it as a treat and this is almost everyday ! However, I think my first unique experience was getting Korean BBQ the first time.	Yes.. I made soup an hour ago and there was a whole, dead bug in it.
3	Have you ever fantasized about changing your first name? To what?	Good morning ! Started working 3 hours ago, as it is 10 am here.. Going to eat lunch with my girlfriend while I have a break at work.	Well, nothing really.. I've had two servings of breakfast and I'm feeling energetic.	I worked a great deal.. Too many hours.	I am just about to start my day.so far, so good though	It's 1135 right now, and I haven't started being productive.. However, I am starving.
3	How can you take your mind off of something or someone?	Watch something that you can either really get into, or is hilarious.. Or both.	Occupy yourself with something else?. Got any hobbies, buddy?	Find another special someone.	I just keep myself busy.. Cleaning, reading, writing a book review for my blog, learn about something new, go to the gym, doodle.	I've always tried to go with the "Well whatever, their loss" attitude, and sometimes that works and other times it doesn't.. The Girl I'm into right now, I have no idea whether she wants more than a friendship or not, but I try to be the best me I can be, and not the kinda guy always trying to impress her.
3	How do you show others how much you care for them?	If it's a friend, I like to tell them how much they mean to me.. With my family I show them through random gifts and tell them.	I have a group of friends that I always meet with.. We're all best friends and nobody even slightly dislikes anyone else.	I've told a couple of my friends that if they ever needed help with anything I'd be more then happy to.	I have never really thought about it.. I am just there for them if they ask for help.	Two of my friends suffer from a couple of mental health issues, so I always make sure they know that they can come to me about anything.. I'm not even super close to them anymore, but every so often I'll message them or ring them and check up on them and make sure they're doing ok
3	How long does it take your phone battery to run down?	If I don't use it much, it can go 23 days.. If I'm in heavy use, it'll be down to about 30%.	23 days usually. but then I don't really use it.	I wake up at 6, and it's at 15% by the time I get home at 3.. Then again, I'm a senior and I have back to back study halls.	I have a iPhone 6.. I have to pretty much be on it all day watching videos or on some app constantly for it to rundown.	the whole day pretty much morning to whenever i finish.. I have a note 4 and i love it.
3	Is there something out there that disgusts you? What is it?	I clean rooms.	1221am	929 AM	Its really easy to use, but im not sure how the "matches" work or how to actually message people i've liked..	It's a french movie.. My wife and I rented it years ago
3	Are there are special traditions or customs in your country surrounding death?	Well, there is a whole big world other than the west.	In the UK stereotypes are usually based on your accent, mannerisms and what type of school one attended.. For example SouthernRP accent is seen to mean that the person is Posh, relatively wealthy and lives south of Nottingham Broad accents seen to be Northern, flat cap wearing, and not as cultured as someone with no accent or an RP accent.	In Germany a lot of people think that you people over in the US get way to worked up about one topic and stay over it for a long time.. Most of the time completely ignoring everything else.	Up here in Minnesota, the general stereotype is that we're all a bunch of people with weird accents who freeze all year and eat strange foods in the process.. Truth is,  Some areas have the weird accent I live in one of those areas, some do not.	Visiting the graves of loved ones, solemn thoughts about what it took to be able to make this country what it is, spend the day with family.. Not for me, but for most of us.
3	Did you ever get a really bad haircut? What did you do? 	Listening to radioheadhurtNINjoy division.. Idk why depressing music makes me happier	Go to sleep	Music usually helps me.. Also if I'm overwhelmed like it seems like you are, I make a list of everything that needs to get done and work on the smaller things first.	I sometimes feel better after taking a nap.. If that doesn't work, I usually play a game of League with my friends and just have fun.	Listening to music and writing in my diary helps a lot.. Writing down my problems and challenges really helps get them out of my brain and on to something else.
3	Do you have a favorite quote? What makes it resonate with you?	There's a couple that I really love."People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.". Maya Angelou	"It's scary to know that there are things in our lives where shooting yourself in the face is preferable.".  The Shooting Man by Kevin WilsonTo me, inflicting pain on yourself seems like such a horrible thing.	"Is this country still capable of taking itself back from these evil thieves?. If the answer is	"The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result"	"Not all those who wander are lost", a line from the poem All that is gold does not glitter, written by J. R. R. Tolkien for The Lord of the Rings.
3	Do you have any personal rituals for the end of the year?	I agree with it.. It paints me as a logical thinker, that sounds correct.	15, graduate, get my drivers permit	My mom is an xray tech, what a coinkydink.. I'm a nineteen year old HS dropout.	Just turned 24 hopefully getting great grades in the next two semesters summer and fall.. Also, losing 20 lbs.	I'm 26 as well ! . This year I want to finish my novel, do a recomp so I have more muscle and less fat, and earn some income through freelancing.
3	Do you have good vision? If not, do prefer contacts or glasses?	I'm single.. Just the one friend knows.	We don't agree on several religious issues, are politically different, and don't necessarily have the same standards.. I'm attracted to him, but I don't think I will take it beyond just an attraction honestly.	I have a lady that loves to knit things for people.. She's lovely.	From my incredibly small repertoire of chicks Ive asked and found attractive aka 2 chicks who I thought had them and was confirmed, and 1 I'm gonna ask because I'm now thinking about her From that small small list, I am developing a theory that I dig chick who have them, it's probably a coincidence, and my bro's an alright looking guy and he has them ! . So from all of this, I have concluded that I have an inclination to dig chicks with wisdom teeth.	Anxious to get it over with.. I know it might sound crazy I guess it is?
3	Do you think pets are good or bad for kids to have?	There are no kids living with them I'm pretty sure.	I would like at least one, at max 3, but I flip flop on that.. Realistically maybe max 2, but I might be persuaded into a 3rd.	I have reservations myself, but I wouldn't stop you..  I just hope you have a good home set up first money, time, safety, etc.	No, I'd like to find a wife though.	I definitely want to have kids in the future but I think as I'm 20 years old right now it would be too soon.. As for the names, I really don't know why
3	Have you been to a fine dining restaurant? What did you order?	Dat feeling	I've worked at a couple and can honestly say that we will call you the worst things imaginable, but we'd never mess with anyones food.. That's just the places I've worked at personally.	Not bad at all.. Nope.	I worked at Popeyes when I was younger, i had way more trouble with other employees than actual customers..  I think there were some who tried to start stuff but more than anything people just want their food and to get the hell up out of there.	Their website is humphreys.nl, and i dont know yet
3	How can you make someones day when they are really far away?	I guess so, but they aren't all so bad, basically all my peers have em and are doing great.. They're bad to an extent, which is why I would have liked a limit, but it was kinda going too far, especially since I'm not even done the first half of the year yet.	Very true, and that's kind of what I'm leaning towards at the moment.. And it's a lot of exaggerations and halftruths that make me look bad.	I watch live concerts of my favorite band, Muse, on YouTube.. On top of awesome music, the frontman does some things I think I are hilarious.	I listen to music, I mean I always listen to music anyway but I have certain songs that make me feel good.. I just listen to them and try to forget about what's been going on.	chat with people on here D or on fb lol
3	How do you get motivated and stay that way without losing focus?	When you are just starting, the first few weeks are the ones you need to motivate yourself the most.. It's easy to stop, but it's crucial not to, you are forming a new habit and it is important to stay on track.	Simple.. I don't .	Make rules for yourself like doing a certain number of pushups or crunches every commercial break if you are watching TV.. Definitely try to find something active you enjoy and if possible try to find someone to do it with you.	I can't stay focused nor motivated, so I'm hoping for some good answers here.	I'm bipolar, too.. Right now, I'm too anxious and moody to have any real connection with anyone.
3	How would you live your life if money was not an issue?	I'd spend more time with my kids.	Same job but parttime, set all of my family up, and travel, travel, travel.	Making absolutely sure that every single child on the planet has plenty to eat and a safe home and clean water and excellent free health care.	Get a nice house just outside of a city, acquire my dream car '69 Mustang, acquire my dream bike Honda CT250S Silk Road, build a kickass gaming rig, have a gaming room with consoles past and present, acquire a massive book collection, acquire a massive film collection, acquire a large collection of bass guitar and synths.. Share my place with friends and family.	More musical instruments.. I want my tenor sax.
3	Is public transportation in your area convenient? How could it be better?	Not around here there isn't.. And I hate having to rely on my grandpa who I'm living with now to take me everywhere I want to go.	I don't think so, they are way too spread out for public transportation which is pretty bad there tbh	About 80 pesos, which is 8 bucks, but count is as 80 dollars for you since min.. wage is about 50 pesosmonth	No, fortunately I drive opposite of traffic.. There isn't any public transit that I'm aware of.	Well its in a city like 10 mins away from sorta a hippie place but its not really bad or anything.. They have stuff like kava, cocao, coca tea, kratom and all sorts of different drinks they even have some sort of drink that has chinese mountain ants in it.
3	What would happen if you deleted all of your social media accounts? 	Copypaste from facebooks help pagegtDeactivating, Deleting amp Memorializing AccountsgtDeactivating AccountsgtWhat's the difference between deactivating and deleting my account?You can deactivate or delete your account at any time.gtYou may deactivate your account for any number of temporary reasons.. This option gives you the flexibility to leave and come back whenever you want.	Nope.	Because I don't want to compare my life with anyone else.	Just Facebook and normal texting..  No other apps unfortunately.	I used to, now I'm at the other end of the spectrum.. I can't stop, even when I need to.
3	Any tips on finding out what you want to do with your life?	Go to community college for 2 years and just take as many classes as you can.. Find some things that interest you or just some classes that you have never heard of.	Think of something you would do for free if you could.. Spend about six months seriously pursuing that or until you realize it's actually terrible for you.	Try as many things as you can ! . Take random classes, sign up for trips to go see different places, volunteer, work  when you're active, you figure out pretty quick what you're passionate about.	Find out what you don't like to do, it's so hard to find something that you like by randomly picking but if you know what you don't like you'll stay clear of that path and eventually stumble on to something you like.	it will find you just keep searching
3	Are you more likely to procrastinate a task or to finish it early?	I'm checking something with my healthcare, I should find out wether I lose it or not within the next couple of days.. If I get to keep it then the first thing I'm going to do is get diagnosed again.	Yeah maybe I should start applying late October  that will give me a month break at least.. I'll take your advice into consideration.	Maybe?. Who knows.	I've been trying to do that for at least 6 years.. I'm so bad	Thanks ! 
3	Do you do your own laundry or does somebody do it for you?	As far as my parents and sisters know, it stopped when I was Belle at age eight.. They don't suspect it really.	Nope.	I'm still a high school student, but I'm working towards being a Networking Engineer..  I'm currently taking a MCITP class and working towards getting my certification.	I am a document controlprint coordinator for a steel fabrication company.. I digitally and physically distribute technical drawings for large scale construction.	I am a nurse.. What I like Helping people who can't help themselves I love medical stuff, especially crazy wounds I love getting to meet so many peopleWhat
3	Do you think factory work will be done by humans for much longer?	Hhaha ! . Thanks for the advice, but lasers are a bit too expensive for me at the moment.	Burning them works quite well actually.. A bottle of spray deodoranthair spray and a lighter can do wonders.	Which is why the average life age increases.. We age the same, but time goes faster.	Kinda.. Things that just aren't really daily tasks but that may as well have gotten done.	Yep, we also brought up another topic about how scientists were developing something to allow humans to move quicker.. Now that was an interesting thing to hear.
3	How much do you think you spend on groceries in an average month?	Right now none because I don't drive.. Gas is avg 2.11 around here, cheaper if we go to Costco at 2.06.	About 3040 dollars a month.. I live at my workplace and rarely drive, but when I do you must take into account that my car gets about 13 MPG and requires high octane gasoline.	We have higher taxes here on our Fuel, so roughly 50 a week or so.. Sometimes more, sometimes less.	Depends on how much driving I have to do that month and the gas prices.. I don't have an average because it is always all over the place.	Ugh. this is going to be a depressing answer.. I spend about 80 CAD a week on fuel, and that's usually filling up at Costco where it tends to be about 0.10litre cheaper.
3	If you could have 3 wishes, what would you wish for? And why?	1. UDHR enforced for every single human being on earth..  2.	The power of endowing people with retroactive immortality, eternal youth and perfect health.. The capacity of precisely and safely shape the bodies of living beings, down to DNA level, with the necessary knowledge to do what I need to do.	1 passport 2 super intelligence 3 pepperoni pizza	1.. An Arabian Lamp2.	My own apartment, a steady job, and.. depression medication that works?
3	What do you do if you meet panhandlers or beggars in the street?	Oooh sorry i ahoulda mentioned earlier ! . I'm in California  which I think a lot of people, even in the US, only think of as being from movies.	idk, i'd believe him but he didn't want a ride? that doesn't make sensei wish i got sob stories as thought out as yours.. it's usually just "pregnant wife was in the army and got her leg shot off and now we can't support our baby because government" or something	I never have given in.. They are all liars and I will not enable them further.	One woman came up to me at a gas station and said she needed money for gas to get to the hospital to visit her sister who was dying because she fell off the back of a motorcycle.. Weird detail to add.	One time when I was in a city, a woman came up to me and gave me a rose, then handed me a letter which contained a story about how she needed money to send home to feed her family.. Throughout this she never spoke, and I said I didn't have any money, so she took the rose back and walked away.
3	What is one of your favorite topics to talk about with your friends? 	Online games amp technological advancements..  I'm out of the loop at a lot of topics, I'm familiar with this two	Running.. Be it strategy, paces, Diamond League, professionals, cheaters coughboltcough, training theories, world records, personal bests, ways to run different races, you name it.	Not really talking but more of ranting about bad game mechanics for hours.	I'm a student aiming to be a writer, so I like to talk about various twists and hypotheticals to help keep my creative juices flowing.. I often times ask questions of those around me like, how difficult must it be to create a Batman villain and if you could what would it be?	Graphic Design and Gaming.
3	What is something that you do regularly that is a waste of time?	I used to be an atheist a few years back. but I think I adopted the same view as you.	Fish.. I like fish but not as pets.	Bears.. A lot of people find them neat and cute but I think that a bear would kill you and eat you without even second guessing it.	i love squirrels ! . that being said, i'm absolutely terrified of butterflies.	CrumpleHorned Snorkacks.. They can't even fly.
3	When you have too much going on, any advice on how to refocus?	I'd recommend you to make all your responsibilities visible.. Take a large piece of paper or a whiteboard and put all your projects and such on them.	IMO. If you can't control it, don't spend time worrying about it.	Well, considering I'm not good at anything at least nothing club oriented and don't really have much interest in them at all,  that's a bust.. Not that I dislike doing things.	Woah, okay so when you said you were being rude..  I honestly got you completely confused with someone else and thought I was talking to a completely different person.	gtIm not exactly trying to encourage you to wait it out because that will make you stir crazy.. Just make her a friend and keep many friends dont focus too much on it, just let it happen.
3	Do you think it's better to travel by land or air to a destination?	Europe mostly.. I'd love to visit Greece, Italy, Germany and Norway.	Unfortunately, it'll probably be a while, unless the military decides to send me.. I do love traveling.	Time travel?. Dude, time travel isn't really safe for anyone that in young, female, or nonwhite.	No to make things clearer I suck at explaining stuff, sorry.. I lived in Location 2 for most of my life, moved to Location 1 two and a half years ago I'm familiar with both places and both are good.	You're glorious !   Thanks!.  I'll be in Bloomsbury,  but I'm worried that having giant suitcases is frowned upon on bussestubes ? Oh uber is awesome.
3	Do you think your country makes enough of an effort to use green energy?	The jobs I want to do don't pay much music and teaching.. There's always some use for extra money.	I'm glad you took the time to respond to me.. I have definitely made progress.	Ugh, physics sucks.	I like you.. To cleaning I go ! 	Maybe IT based work placement.. Thankyou, it just sucks that the traditional form of learning is the fastest way to the top it seems.
3	do your parents had a favorite kid? do you have a favorite family member?	My mom and dad both favor their step kids over me.. It sucks but I deal with it	I think my mom loves both of us equally in different ways, but my dad DEFINITELY favors my sister probably because she followed in his footsteps to become a computer engineer, and she's superduper smart at it..  When my mom, sister, and I went to my dad's retirement lunch all of his coworkers couldn't wait to meet my sister.	I'm an only child and my parents still had a favorite that wasn't me haha.. Usually a friend's oh so perfect daughter.	I really don't know.. With my mom, I don't think she has a favourite.	This is gonna sound so bad.. I'm my moms favorite, and my brother is my dads.
3	Have you ever grown vegetables? If not, what would you like to try growing? 	I'm 21..  I've been through all those questions with everyone.	I've always wanted to be a firefighter.. Kind of an unrealistic dream because of the area that I'm in.	I wanted to work at an airport, be the one checking your tickets.. Now Im probably going to go into politics.	Wanted to become a cop.. Became a pilot.	I wanted to be a marine biologist.. I went to uni, studied general Biology and 3 years on I am now a video game designer.
3	Have you ever had a psychic reading? Did you believe it? Was it accurate?	I saw Bruce Springsteen about two years ago at Wrigley Field..  It was a great concert.	Muse.. Best show ever.	Been to a few.. Seether, Breaking Benjamin, and Three Days Grace was one, it was OK. Lacuna Coil, Killswitch Engage, and Disturbed was great.	I have been to a queens of the stone age show last November.. It was my first ' real ' concert so I was dumb enough to not bring ear protection.	So many.. Of the ones I can remember and people might recognise, Turin Brakes and 36 Crazyfists were really good, The Dandy Warhols were really not.
3	Have you ever reconnected with an old friend after a long period of time?	Yeah, he tried to get me to sign up for a pyramid scheme though.	My best friend from middle school and I just stopped talking as our lives got busier and busier.. I was getting really busy my first year of college, as I was suddenly put into a position of authority in an org on campus, as well as juggling 20 units and doing my best to keep up and maintain a new, healthier lifestyle consisting of meal planning and lots of exercise.	That's so great, in life in general.. you have such a great bond with someone it doesn't matter how much time it has been, you always pick up right where you left off  ! 	I have a friend who I grew up with.. His dad was always working, so he would always be at my house.	I hope you like your new roommate ! 
3	What languages do you guys speak? Or what language would you like to learn?	I speak English, Latin, and Old English can understand parts of the gist of the idea when I read French, Italian, and Spanish definitely can't actually speak em, though, apart from a couple phrases in each..  I'd like to learn Mandarin and Arabic.	I speak English fluently, learning Latin though as a student we've definitely focused more on translation and grammar than speaking.. I also know a bit of Japanese though my constructions would probably all be very polite.	English and a good amount of spanish.. I can readwrite Spanish well, but talking and understanding someone is a little more difficult.	I speak English and Spanish.. I would like to learn French because it sounds beautiful when spoken and it would be fun to visit France being able to speak French.	I speak english, and I can write in java, and c, and I know a bit of c.
3	Are you happy with your job choice? Would you have done something different looking back?	There's a song called "Head full of doubt" which says "Decide what to be and go be it".. If I could ever give anybody a piece of advice, it would be to never settle for anything less than what YOU want.	I work in accounting in a real estate agency.. Kinda hating my new job three weeks in, they're asking me to do a lot of overtime  of course, not paid , lots of pressure.	I still don't know what I want to do.. P I never knew what I wanted to be when I grew up and at 30 I still don't.	This doesn't really count since it's only a summer job. but, I work in a deli at City MarketKing SoopersKroger.	I teach english overseas.. sometimes, like today, I just don't think this is the job for me.
3	How do you keep a conversation going when the other person invovled isnt very talkative?	I am one of those very quiet persons, and I really enjoy that people speak to me about anything, it makes me talk and become more open.. Can't really tell about a girl	to keep the conversation going make sure to add something to what is said, ask a clarifying or followup question, and talk about something related to the topic.as for someone who short answers, i would tell her that you thought she didn't want to talk since she was being short, or suggest talking on the phone instead.	Ask her something ! Also, be interesting in your texts.. Also, talk to her in person more often.	Talking to these kinds of people is so challenging, often times I'll try to ask them stuff about themselves are say something relatable, but after awhile I give up	Hahaha, I like your latter reasoning.. I have to ask, are you American ? 
3	What kind of app do you think you need for your phone? Make one up!	Im in IT, so actually on a computer lol.	Grunt work.. I'm a cashier at one job and overnight freight at the other.	iPhone 4	Windows.. Nokia Lumia 635	htc one mate
3	When is a time that you felt useless and what did you do about it?	Maybe everyone you know and love died before you?. I'm not sure it's a silver lining, though.	Your kind words are comforting.. Thank you for your support.	I can't really give an example.. It just makes me angry because you'd think friends would care to at least give you something more than a halfassed reply.	Did it yesterday.. Made a clerk in the supermarket hold my shopping basket while I was talking on the phone.	And I forgot to ask you a question.. Who do you hate the most in this world and why?
3	Who is your favorite author and why? What are some of their more popular works?	Markus ZusakHis two most popular books are The Book Thief and I Am the Messenger.	Definitely Kurt Vonnegut.. His best known are probably SlaughterhouseFive and Cat's Cradle but my favorite is Mother Night.	I think that Catch22 by Joseph Heller should be required reading.. Hilarious and cutting.	I'm a huge Neil Gaiman and Stephen King fan.. My two favourite authors.	Hunter S. Thompson and Stephen KingHSTFear and Loathing in Las VegasHells AngelsThe Great Shark HuntStephen King Dark Tower SeriesCarrieChristine
3	Did you ever meet someone online? How did it go and where are you two now?	I met my ex m'eh, I don't like this word, sounds negative in a forum.. We lived three hours apart, so we were seeing each other once or twice a month.	When I was like 13, this older dude he was like 20 started talking to me over bebo ah, those were the days.. We just talked about anime and random stuff like that and we got along really well.	Twice the first time, I got married and later divorced.. The second time, we moved in together and have built a life together over the last four or five years that makes us both very happy.	When I was younger I joined an anime forum and became friends with several people.. There was a guy who I got to talk daily, we eventually moved to talkingchatting on msn, and we got along so well.	I've met quite a lot of people online, so many over the years that I don't really think about it as being weird or different from meeting someone any other way.. I've never put myself in a risky situation though, so I can't say I share other people's stories.
3	Do think it would be more fun or scary to go around the Earth in space?	I'm not particularly fearful of anything, and I like new experiences.. Is there a reason you wouldn't do it?	Yeah that's exactly what I mean to do.. I'm in med school and still have 5 years ahead of me, but I'll definitely leave this city sooner or later.	I used to.. I need to buy another one.	You can roll them up for camping, but you're not supposed to store them for extended periods that way because it'll damage the stuffing..  For a 3050 sleeping bag I wouldn't really care, I'd just roll 'em up  but our sleeping bags cost almost 200 each so I feel like I need to treat them like gold ! Hanging them up is a GREAT idea!	I think it is.. I'm not planning on releasing these films in theaters.
3	Do you have something that is super important to you that no one else cares about?	When new comics come  out that i really love and have no one to talk to about.. Or when i know a small factoid in a movie or TV show that in my better judgement dont say out loud.	Dreams are awesome ! . Whenever i have a dream that was exciting but ended with a cliffhanger, i make up the other half of the dream.	The books I read.. I practically have no one to talk to about them.	When I say the following to my friends they usually answer with a OMG shut up.". Dude, I really love The Catcher	Pretty much all my passions cinema I do have friends I go to the movies to but it's just the most popular and I have no one to actually talk about cinema, motorcycles and American football I live in a country where it's not popular at all.
3	How do you think the first passengers on the first passenger flight felt during take off?	Great mindset ! . I know what you mean.	I did ! . I passed out during our game, I'm sorry.	Good idea.. I might pull an all nighter Friday night since I fly out Saturday	Thanks, I didn't know that.. It helps a lot to know there have been hardly any ! 	Hah ! . Driver's Ed was kind of stupid.
3	What is the best gift you have ever gotten on a holiday or for your birthday? 	listen to some of your favorite songs, always fun.	I like cake.. I didn't get any last year	First, Happy BDay.. Hope you have a good one.	A chair.. A sandwich.	actually all of mine this year are pretty on point
3	Do you have a song that you listen to when you get angry or bitter about something?	Usually nirvana, which is kind of funny now I think about it.. I just like the mostly nonsensical lyrics that aren't insanely deep but still thought provoking, and the general angry sound of the vocals and music, it's cathartic.	Well, until the last 2 months, i only ever listened to music from different anime, and some games.. Things like Crossing Field and Brave Song.	In terms of music it was a really long time ago.. and I feel sad like this way too often.	Kemper Crabb  The VigilAncient, Christian, medieval.. My favorite is when the dragons praise God, awesomeness ! 	Good Charlotte.. i feel like it reflects my moods sometimes.
3	Do you think you could drive on the opposite side of the road than you do normally?	I do both actually ! . Today I'm driving though, I was the attendant in back yesterday though.	daw thanks	Sometimes I do, but sometimes if I am not feeling well or carrying things, that far away spot is just TOO far!	I didn't read this until today, but you seem like a cool guy, and thanks for the encouragement.	I think I can pull that one off, although there's only going to be one person there that I know.
3	Have you guys ever lived in a country far away from your home? What was it like?	I immigrated from China to US when I was little.. That counts right?	All my life.. I mean, I've lived away from home for the last 2 years to go to university but I still come here for the holidays I'm on the island now actually.	Haha good question. Right I live in Europe, but I've spend some time in Oklahoma city and I kinda picked up the slang.	I've done my fair share of travelling.. Across the states, to South America, Europe	I live in the Philippines.. I don't have the time to travel since I'm a full time student at the moment and I've never been out of the national capital region.
3	If you had to live as an animal, what kind of animal would you want to be? 	I think wolf, as expected and common as it sounds, but because of the fact they enjoy being in packsbeing sociable and have their established roles on the realistic side, and wolf in the stereotypical side because sometimes I feel like the 'bad wolf'	Pandas because they are the swoliest	I'd still take my dogs over anything.	A tiger, but it would have to not want to eat me or other people.	A wolf or a giant panda.
3	Do you think it would be harder to learn a spoken language or a sign language from birth?	We touched on Russian in my linguistics degree, which means I know more about the Russian language than most Russians will ever know, but I can still only say A NU CHIKI BRIKI Y V DAMKE, which means, 'hello,' 'get out of here,' 'lovely weather,' 'oh sweet Christ on a pogo stick that's a bloodsucker' or 'I am about to shoot' depending upon the context.	I had to learn sign language.. The teacher didn't speak a word.	Khmer D	I speak Danish natively.. I'm fluent in English and I can make myself understood in German, but I prefer not to.	English and Chinese are both my first languages, I've been speaking both since I can remember.. Trying to pick up Japanese and French, maybe Spanish too.
3	What do you think is the coolest thing about you? Is it a very unique trait of yours?	Oh, wow.hm.. I would like to be known for my awardwinning crab cake recipe.	I never break a promise or I never get angry at living things	I don't know, I guess it's just the whole experience.. I might go to Disneyland in Cali considering I've never been there if timemoney wasn't an option.	1 month gold.. Or were you asking what I sent to my secret santa match?	I'm not sure.. I'm always cold?
