1	What's your name?	They're called The Machine, after the song Welcome to the Machine.	Wouldn't you like to know!!	Hardcore Dance.	Greg Raposo	He is a bull dog named Chance.
1	what day is it today? 	Next Saturday I think.	Like what	Not bad, you?	The NFL will be back and I am really excited about it!	It has Sander Kleinenberg, ZHU, Stanton Warriors, Pablo Nouvelle, and a bunch of others I don't think I'd heard of before.
1	How's the weather today?	It's great weather for a game.  I can't wait for the Green and Gold to beat down the opposition this year and bring the trophy back to Title Town where it should really permanently sit.	Not bad, you?	Up to August, yeah. After that you start getting the films the studios didn't have a lot of faith in and just need to push out.	I am a Panther's fan.  You?	Ha I thought I was the only one.
1	How are you today?	Good and yourself?	Good and you?	Doing well and yourself?	Well and you?	Not bad at all.
1	How are you?	Well, and you?	Good and you?	Doing well.  How are you?	Not to bad.  Yourself.	Doing good, you?
1	How are you doing?	Well, how are you?	great what about yourself.	Well and you?	Okay, you?	Doing good.  How are you?
1	How are you feeling today?	Doing great and you?	I'm doing good, and you?	Good and you?	Good and yourself?	Well and you?
1	How many people in your family?	Oh wow! Half the family are Dallas fans and the other half are Redskins.	Well, they left when the Ratbirds got the ball with us leading 16-14. Superstition ruled their motives.	Maybe about 10.	Hundreds	There is four in all.
1	What's your hobby?	I would have to say playing sports and listening to music.	After all these years, Bad Romance is still my favorite.	Rocky III.	I really like Judd Apatow movies like This is 40.	I love "Little Dreamer"
1	What do you do in your free time? 	I plan on catching up on some good movies!	I sleep	We study how music affects the brain, the parts of the brain, memory, et cetera.	How about at 12:30 so we have enough time to eat.	It doesn't matter, but I'm exicted to see it!
1	Did you have lunch? 	No, he ordered in. We had a ton of Chinese food, and he bought two bouquets of flowers for the living room, and we watched a movie on dvd.	I did! I remember my mom making me a cake and the Pocahontas decorations.	Yes I do, thanks!	Oh man it was great.	I got 2. Nobody was there.
1	What did you have for breakfast?	In the beginning scenes as the movie unfolds, the crowd chants different different things. Like during the opening song people will chant "Let there be lips."	I wished for a lot of things.	Nothing much.  Probably just relax at home and either read a book or watch a movie.	Oh that you throw up in the air when the "toast" happens in the movie. Or at least they did when I saw it.	Not really. I guess I'll just stay at home and watch movies.
1	What did you do today?	I just chilled at home and listened to some music!	Nothing. I love me some Britney haha.	I worked at a TV station so was on the field the whole time/	I was in the crowd.	Sure, it was very interesting. It reminds me of New York City.
1	What did you eat for lunch?	No, he ordered in. We had a ton of Chinese food, and he bought two bouquets of flowers for the living room, and we watched a movie on dvd.	I wasn't very hungry. I only had a chicken burrito, a burger, two hot dogs, and 7 beers.	Yes I do, thanks!	Just about anything.	Yeah, I would get cotton candy and hot dogs.
1	What do you do for fun?	i like to drink and listen to country music.	I love to hit the open road and travel whenever I get the chance.	I make a lot of my own clothes or alter my old ones.	I like country music.	Necklaces and earrings. I buy materials and also repurpose old jewelry.
1	why do you want to learn English?	It's just a question, honestly, what was it?	Oh I was just thinking about the film, and trying to figure out that actually happened in the book.	How many Beatles movies was there?	Who makes the playoffs,who wins their division.	Sure.
1	When did you start to learn English?	My mom had all their records when I was growing up, and she told me to go listen to them when I was about 14.	Back in the 90's	It just seems like it could be something unique.	Well I just knew that I wanted to because my family had never exposed me to it, so I thought I'd start with Tupac as a safe bet since evryone seemed to like him.	Sure.
1	What season do you like the most 	It's been a little of a surprise, especially with the Cubs struggling.	I would like to watch every game, but it is ok if I only watch my favorite teams and players.	They probably need to at leas win 8. Around fifty percent of their games.	I dont know, I ve heard they hired good players this years so they might repeat the titlle.	Good, everyone is playing about where I thought they would.
1	What would you like to do in your free time?	I plan on catching up on some good movies!	I sleep	Not sure, maybe this weekend.	How about at 12:30 so we have enough time to eat.	How about 7pm? Is that good?
1	Tell me a little about you.	Well, these three brothers decide to make a movie by filming animals across the country.	He has a song that includes the lyrics "New York's not my home.  When I lived in New York for a couple of years, I listened to that song probably 5 times a day.	IT WILL BE SHOWING IN THE THEATRE NEAR ME JUNE 3.	It is about these two Catholic missionaries that go to Japan to evangelize and look for a priest that never came back from there.	WELL IT LOOK LIKE A BUNCH OF ANGRY BIRDS.
1	Tell me about your day!	I swear my daughter has watched it atleast a hundred times.	It was a large band made up of high schoolers from PA, New Jersey, and Georgia, for some reason.	I would have to say either Three A.M or  When Your Gone.	by the time i got back i missed a lot of the game	It's called "It's About to Get Good."
1	Tell me about yourself!	I swear my daughter has watched it atleast a hundred times.	I would have to say either Three A.M or  When Your Gone.	It was a large band made up of high schoolers from PA, New Jersey, and Georgia, for some reason.	by the time i got back i missed a lot of the game	It's called "It's About to Get Good."
1	Are you an only child?	Quite a few, yes. I can happily watch The Princess Bride every couple of years.	Yes, it brings back a lot of my favorite childhood memories.	Sure, while Rolling in the Deep was a great single off of her 21 album, songs like Someone Like You and Rumour Has It were nowhere in the same league.	I know, kids in movies always have some drama	I think it's called Split.
1	Do you have a favorite food?	Yeah sure.  I like Jaws.	One of my all time favorite movies is the mask	I like 5.	I need to listen to her newest album to make a decision.	I love the cinematography of the third one but I love that the last 2 got to go more in depth.
1	Do you have plans for the weekend?	I'm going to another concert, to see Kimbra.	I am going to get some cleaning done and listen to some music.	No not at the moment. What do you have in mind?	Nothing much.  Probably just relax at home and either read a book or watch a movie.	Not really. I guess I'll just stay at home and watch movies.
1	Are you usually happy?	Yeah, go ahead. And I promise I won't scream when you come back inside the house all muddy!	Yes! I like watching interesting movies again anyways.	Yes, just come.	Well...	Yes, do you want me to pick you up?
1	What is your dream?	My favorite time to watch an NFL game is in the rain. It also makes it more exciting.	Probably Terminator 2.	I love Million Reasons. It is such a beautiful song. That one is my favorite.	I love Joan Jett.	Like a Virgin is my favorite of Madonna's.
1	Can you play chess?	Yeah! I haven't gotten very good yet, but I got a polycarbonate inline ocarina from Mountain Ocarinas.	I can play one song. Evening Chimes.	I can play parts of songs. I can play the beginning of Let It Be.	I only played when I was a kid.	I play at the park on the weekends.
1	Can you ride a bike?	Well, the school doesn't like her idea about buying a bike.	Sure. Can you pick me up a little early so we can get a seat?	Its an easy tale to tell.	When it is playing again, and where?	Sure, did you ever get your new CD player installed?
1	Are a fan of any sports team?	No, my team didn't even make the playoffs.	Yeah, I am.	The Giants.	Not particularly. By osmosis, I like the Giants and dislike the Patriots.	Sure.  I really like physical competition and the nature of football creates a lot of physical engagement, suspense, drama, and glory.
1	What are you up to today?	I'm going to stand in line for concert tickets.	Oh, I'm just listening to some electronic music.	Not much, just listening to some music.	Just planning a marathon	Not much, just thinking about watching some movies.
1	What do you do for fun?	i like to drink and listen to country music.	I love to hit the open road and travel whenever I get the chance.	I make a lot of my own clothes or alter my old ones.	I like country music.	Necklaces and earrings. I buy materials and also repurpose old jewelry.
1	What is your favorite animal and why?	I like the bar scene, because it was funny and that's when the team started to actually figure out that they can be friends and work together.	I like the dwarves. They are really funny.	The plot, the actors and the role Owen played as a wedding crasher.	It is the first movie that has a lot of action, in my opinion	Its got beautiful loud big songs,  Thrilling excitment, battling for love, mystery and murder
1	What is your favorite breakfast food?	I load butter on a lot of popcorn.	At the stadium, or at home?	Why the Breakfast Club?	I would have to say supreme.	I stick with the standard popcorn usually.
1	What is your favorite color?	Well, for new ones, I would say Logan.	I like Ex Machina.	I like Chamber of Secrets.	Right Where I Need To Be.	I think Tokyo Drift.
1	What is your favorite fruit?	I love Joan Jett.	Mine is when they are drifting in the parking ramp.	Like a Virgin is my favorite of Madonna's.	Well, for new ones, I would say Logan.	I like Chamber of Secrets.
1	What is your favorite movie?	I like the first one?	That's a hard decision. Probably, Ghostbusters.	I like the empire strikes back	That is a loaded question. You need to be more specific.	Of all time?
1	What is your favorite sport?	My favorite is NFL football too.	I would have to say the NFL without a doubt.	I love basketball, but nothing can top the NFL in my book.	Football	I like Chamber of Secrets.
1	What is your favorite thing to drink?	It's a classic. The songs are beautiful and the story line has a good lesson.	Oh gosh, probably the dry and obvious humor. That guy, Vizzini, has the funniest lines. And his laugh gets me every time.	It was a huge part of my childhood. I loved the music and the animation.	Probably Beautiful Day	My favorite is Scott pilgrim it is a great movie
1	What is your favorite TV show?	I'm not sure but I wanna see that new Chris Hardwick show, the Wall!	Mine is definitely Eastbound and Down.	At Christmas they put a really nice show together, really festive.	No, the movie adaptation by M. Night Shyamalan.	Do you mean throughout, or a general soundtrack?
1	Who is your favorite actor?	I would say Paul Newman.	That is a tough question but I would say Anthony Hopkins.	Daniel Day-Lewis, without a doubt.	Gary Oldman for sure!	I really like Tom Hanks.
1	Do you like to play games?	I've been listening to a lot of Kendrick Lamar.	I have season tickets.	Nah, not really	Nah, not really	Not usually but I will today.
1	Who is your favorite person on TV?	It's hard to pick just one.	I like Rihanna.	I am a fan of Antonio Brown.	I have to go with Sabbath. They had the best sound.	Dak Prescott...But i'm also a big fan of Odell Beckham Jr.
1	How do you help your friends?	I watched a documentary about the studio where The Swampers used to record.	So I want to explore EDM music.	It is working for me just fine. I amble to find all the artists i love.	Yes please. Tell me what you think of some of the ones I have.	Well, only if you wanted to. We go on Friday.
1	What is your routine before you go to bed?	How did you know?	yes ,how will you like going with me the next time?	Sure. Don't laugh if I fall!	I think I might just go in that direction and see where it leads me.	Good, been relaxing and checking out movies all day.
1	Do you play any sports?	Not recently. But I did play baseball in high school?	No not really.	Sure from time to time	Hockey and really not many others.	No, not really.
1	Do you often get mail?	Usually secondhand stores.	Every game that I go to we always tailgate.	Yes, but not very well. You learn to vibrate your vocal chords and lips at the same time.	Well actually doing it	I like the drama ones with more story
1	Do you like watching TV or movies more?	Neither. I prefer watching things on the internet.	Not no much.   They are too long and too expensive.	Yeah sure.	Yeah sure who doesn't.	Yes, I do. What is your favorite type of movie?
1	Do you like winter weather?	No, theyll be bad for years to come	Oh, yeah!	Yes! I think I would be sleepy.	Yes, why.	My husband is, but I just love to go sit in the stadium on nice days and people watch!
1	What is your favorite kind of TV show?	Definitely "Grown Ups 2" with Adam Sandler, Chris Rock and Kevin James.	Ghost Busters.	At Christmas they put a really nice show together, really festive.	It was a soap opera.	I really like all types.
1	Which do you prefer, Coffee or tea?	Later Hermione obviously.	You know who else is good?  The Plane White T's.	When I was a kid, my parents used to sneak in soda in their jackets.	Fair enough. So many one hit wonders in the 80's too.	I also like the Patriots.
1	Are you very talkative?	Why shouldn't I be?  Their core players are coming back, and they had a really good draft.	No, I like the shampoo commercials.	Oh definitely.	Uh-huh.	Yes. He was really good.
1	What music do you like to listen to in the morning?	I usually listen to pop music in the morning.	I like almost everything, except country music!	Well, it depends.	I like so many different types. I guess it depends on my mood at the time.	Well it depends if I want to be in flow with nature or I want to be energetic.
1	Do you have a social media page?	Yes. If you want I'll invite you to it.	Yeah, there isn't really anything local since it's such a small town though.	I do, do you want to see it?	No, but I should.	Yup, a source on Forbes.com says ratings were up 1% last year.
1	Do you enjoy flying?	I like country music.	I love comedy satires	I do very much enjoy that band.	Yes, I really did. It made me cry pretty hard though.	It was very dark and intense.  I never missed an episode ;)
1	Anything weird happened to you lately?	Well, my favorite player was Doug Flutie.	Not really, I want to go to the movie theater soon.	Not in the theaters but I've rented a few movies from Red Box, nothing that I really enjoyed.	Yes, I saw the Baywatch movie the other day.	I saw Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2! It was awesome!
1	What is your favorite sports team?	I like the Steelers?	In the NFL?	My favorite team is the New Orleans Saints.	In the NFL or soccer?	I love the Pittsburgh Steelers what is your favorite team?
1	Do you have a middle name?	If I Had a Heart	Yes, many of the songs sounded like they were inspired by Kate Bush.	Yes. Night of the Living Dead.	Yes. Lets start With R Kelly. His cd 12 play was a slow jam masterpeice.	Yes. North By Northwest and The Birds
1	Are there any foods you hate to eat?	Just about anything.	Yes, I always get hot wings and sometimes nachos. How about you?	No i am a pure vegetarian i have never tried meat before.	I like burgers and potatoes.	You mean like regular dumb farts who eat Pop-Tarts for breakfast?
1	Are there any special kinds of candy from your country?	Another reason I prefer to watch at home...my absolute favorite is documentary. and they don't show those in theaters much	The two you mentioned were awesome, that is a tough question because there are so many!	Yeah I am into a bunch of music.	That is tough to narrow down, but how about I tell you my favorite song from each band?	I mainly like rock, rap/hip hop, and pop, but I listen to a lot of different bands. How about you?
1	Are there any TV shows you don't like?	I didn't like Forrest Gump. I just couldn't get into it.	Catch Me If You Can was pretty entertaining.	Could Will Smith sing at all?	You don't, but the Academy will always see cartoons as for kids, and won't even watch them.	Oh yeah! There are lots that fit that bill.
1	Are there seasons where you live? How many?	Well, there are something like 15 or more movies. I have watched most of them, except one movie about Hulk.	There's only two, but they do enough that it sounds like a whole group.	I think there are 18 that are out and one upcoming this year, next year, and the year after.	Three, and an animated TV show.	Many times. More than five.
1	Are you a big fan of any current pop icons?	Yeah love music.	I understand the appeal, but I don't really like it.	Yes its the best kind	Yes and no. I like some stuff.	Not really, but I am realistic
1	Are you a city person or a country person?	I like Melanie martinez	I'm a big Booker fan from the Suns.	Well that is something	Yeah, but the singer is Slug. He has a great voice and his lyrics are unique.	Van Diesel.
1	Are you a dog or a cat person?	Yeah, but he didn't have big part. It was a good thriller movie.	Of course she's a dog!  She's so cute, and she reminds me of Taylor Swift!	I know, his mother had a cat named "Elvis" she was a huge Elvis fan.	Yes.	That is a deep question. 2?
1	Are you a member of any clubs?	Probably more about John Lennon.	No I don't. I know one guy does the guitar and singing, but that's about it.	I've read in the news that they have spoken to each other and are getting along these days so it's definitely a possibility. Actually James Iha played a few shows with Billy Corgan and The Smashing Pumpkins recently.	No, I sure haven't.  It'd be one hell of a show if they did!	Yes, I also listened to a few tracks from Atomic Mind.
1	Are you a messy or a neat person?	Well it's been swell talking to you!	No. You could keep guessing but you won't figure it out.	Well it's more that I feel sorry for her.	Well depends on what my choices of side are	i see ...did you rent it from redbox ?
1	Are you afraid of the dark?	It's mostly that and The Wall.	Well, they were a totally different band back in the late 60s. They actually had a different singer, Syd Barrett.	No, but I just like the color!	Of course they do, that's one of the most popular albums.	I like the darkside better
1	Are you good at making desserts?	I'm good at making baskets but I need to be more aggressive.	Better than I am at dribbling.	Not much but it's a hobby I really enjoy?	The Packers have a pre-season game in DC against the Redskins, and there is a game just before Christmas against the Panthers in North Carolina	Learn a bunch of holiday songs, by December you'll be ready to be the hit of your family gatherings!
1	Are you left or right handed? 	I love fifth harmony.	Lets start out with right now.	Yes, the guy who have it to me works for the studio.	I need new music because i am tired of listening to the same old thing	I do not think that I have. I could  give them a shot though.
1	Are you married? If so, for how long? If not, do you want to be?	Just looking at all the new movies coming out, these next few years are going to be awesome!	That Zeke got game, and the coach knows real talent.	Pretty good. Have any plans for this coming weekend?	doing okay.  You a baseball fan?	Pretty good. See any good movies lately?
1	Are you more likely to procrastinate a task or to finish it early?	Doesn't the neck of your guitar have those lines to help you?	What about education?	Which teams seem to have made some good choices then in terms of positions ?	Yeah, I guess today they can fix things like that, the rotator cuff is common repair but not back in those days.  I was done in.	What was a part in the movie that stands out to you?
1	Are you more of a leader or a follower?	Sure.  I really like physical competition and the nature of football creates a lot of physical engagement, suspense, drama, and glory.	No one said the world is fair.	Sure, you can name the Beach Boys, Jackson Five, and the Cowsills as bands with controlling manager-fathers.	No, my team didn't even make the playoffs.	No, so maybe that's why I didn't like this song.
1	Are you or do you know any vegetarians?	Yeah, Tootsie and Some Like it Hot.	Catch Me If You Can was pretty entertaining.	I have too many that I like to be honest. They're one of my favorite bands.	Athletes that played professionally in multiple sports?	Just Beth, Strutter, and Shout It Out Loud.
1	Are you satisfied with your internet speed?	Maybe.  Still seems a little out there to me.	exactly, i wonder if it will follow with simbas life	Who is your favorite Sharks player of all time?	No kidding? What about the quality of the music or the recordings?	Oh I was gonna use my Spotify account.
1	Are you scared of any bugs?	Nope, Is it worth watching?	I think that Matt Ryan will continue to dominate. What about you?	Moonlit Crib is a good group for baby songs.	I like the Jason Bourne movies a lot?	There is the whole Scary Movie franchise.
1	Are you usually on time for events and meetings?	Well, that's great, because if you're on a budget, you could make a camping trip out of it and just go to all the free performances.	so i don't get it, why is there even an nba.    .or any other league for that matter?	Let's say in the past 100 years.	That's pretty deep there...	Yes, absolutely.
2	What languages do you guys speak? Or what language would you like to learn?	Not really, but I still like to sing along. I just mumble the parts I don't know.	I'd go for the piano.	I can do without all that.	I do not, I have watched some subtitled movies though.	Sure.
1	What do you usually do on New Year's day?	Nothing much.  Probably just relax at home and either read a book or watch a movie.	I hope so, yes. They should.	I'm not sure.  I think they said it would be the last one but they seem to just keep churning them out.	I don't know, but they should have a good team.	No way! They are a mess - and they don't have a starting caliber quarterback.
1	Can you do a cartwheel?	Maybe - his should be an epic gold/yellow color.	Maybe.	yes i do she is hot	Yeah, the most powerful classical music you could listen to.	Of course
1	Can you stand on your head?	Wait, you want just independent movies?	yes, take a look !	Yes! It certainly does that!	I can fight side by side with Luke and Yoda!	What about the one with the bears? I can remember them singing about bear necessities, but I can't recall the name of the movie.
1	Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?	I knew he did alot.	Probably paul Rudd, he's so dry sometimes it can be hilarious!	Any and all.	Step Brothers is my favorite.	I agree, he definitely left us too soon.
1	Describe to me your usual day.	Yes! His lyrics remind me that no matter what disasters come my way, God can undo them all!	Rock music can do that. It can bring up so many memories.	Same, if it weren't for the music I listen to in the morning I would probably fall asleep on my way to work!	Yeah, I dont know much about him, I would like that.	She is covering beach boy tunes and 9 new songs, written by her late son.
1	Describe yourself in a few words.	The song even uses a sample of "Sell Out" in it, at the beginning and end as someone is flipping through radio stations.	Yes, I really like that one.	Like deadly sins? Or something else?	Indeed it does.  Curtis's character falls for Monroe, while Lemmon's character is busy fighting off the advances of a rich womanizer.	Absolutely. They really pulled me in from the start.
1	Did you eat a snack today?	Just about anything.	Yeah, I would get cotton candy and hot dogs.	Yes I do, thanks!	Sure get the popcorn and i will grab a soda from out the fridge then you can begin.	Fantastic, I will call you Sunday to pick you up.
1	Did you ever learn something new online?	I was looking for clues to Ray's heritage.	Not unless you want to pay for an extra service.	Yeah, I'm in the mood for something different than what I usually listen to.	No I haven't	We worked on learning to slide my fingers down the strings after plucking to change the pitch higher or lower.
1	Did you ever swim in a race?	The first ever race?	Yes	Is that 4 or 5?	I don't think so.  Wasn't that the third or fourth one?	Yea and then they showed a video montage of Paul Walker and Brian.
1	Did you ever watch any Japanese animation?	Not really, what kinds of movies are there?	Yes, I saw Seven Samurai recently.	I have seen a few, but it was years ago.	No, but I heard my friends mention a good French movie?	All the time.   I like to watch the Star Wars movies.
1	Did you ride a bus to school when you were a child?	No I like classical music but never attended any symphony ever.	That's right. My first words.	Phil Simms. He was the quarterback for the New York Giants.	Yeah, I even got shoes that looked like her glass slippers.	No I don't think I did. What is that?
1	Did your class have a pet when you were in school?	No , who was it?	Why do you ask?	I was in high school in the early 2000's, and I really miss Story of The Year.	Probably a cat.	That part was kind of predictable as soon as I heard the story they were reading. It just helped set it up to be even better when it went so far out of normal horror movie territory.
1	Do colors influence your mood?	Well, when I'm happy, upbeat Country or Rock music is good but when I'm sad, I listen to heartbreakers or songs about breaking up.	Yeah, if I play something upbeat I am pretty chipper throughout the day.	Yes, I've thought of that before.	Yea, it makes me happy, i jump around to it when i listen.	I would actually like to watch a few movies today.
1	Do yo have a selfie stick?	I hope not! He's the future of the Cowboys! I kind of expect it though.	My all time favorite underground rap artist is Deltron 3030. He does sci-fi themed hip-hop that is super great.	I think Mariota and Tennesee will be the favorite in the south...	I think they will, he's gotta be the best runningback in the league!	Yes I do it was The Empire Strikes Back  it was even our 5th grade play
1	Do you always match your socks?	No, but do you think I'd look good.	No it has too much going on.	I just go and look at DSW.  How about you?	I recommend getting glasses that go with everything.	I'm wearing a dress from Torrid, I like to shop there sometimes.
1	Do you drink enough water every day?	I think having a slight buzz is a good thing to listen to music with.	I see your point.	YES I WILL BE GLAD TO .SEE YOU THEN.	If I am watching the movie in the theater I like to have popcorn and a soda.	Of course! They're a great group.
1	Do you eat sandwiches often?	No i am a pure vegetarian i have never tried meat before.	Yes I do, thanks!	I will bring pizza.	We pack some good grilling things and drinks.	Plant foods.  Whole Foods only.
1	Do you ever borrow your friends clothes?	There is a outlet for both stores at Sawgrass Mills.  Great way to save money and the selection is usually great.	I'm pretty sure I will.	I will be honest I prefer it to be told to me	I have a couple shirts, I think. My mom got rid of most of my things when I moved out.	Nope.
1	Do you ever feel like you are always running away ?	I feel that my life is really stressful and that I don't want to give up when things are so difficult. No, I don't think I'm going fully down that path, but I feel that I must stay strong in spite of all the hardships and never give up.	I seen one called the Mummy, it is already out.	No not at all, it's just great.	Have you seen them play? It sure looks like it.	I like Kendrick Lamar a lot right now.
1	Do you ever gamble?	i dont like his voice	No i think that was a classic	He'll throw in a bit of obscurantism and doesn't always finish what he started.	Not proven	No the team is too established to let that happen.
1	Do you ever insult people?	I think her name was "Brittany Murphy."	Well as it is they're just a notch below mediocre, so I can't really work up and justified rage about them. They're kind of disappointing, but not so bad that it's fun to make fun of them.	Well it happens a lot but I'm not thinking about people who stay popular because they died when they were. I'm thinking about people like Elton John.	Well, Billy Joel has not released anything new in a number of years.	I think the Atlanta Falcons may go all the way.
1	Do you ever listen to rock music?	I listen to it all of the time.	Yes all of the time.	Yes, i listen to all kinds of rock	Yeah sure.	Yeah I have been listening to Pat Benatar.
1	Do you have or do you want a pet?	I think so, probably an owl and you?	Suzie Q	Now that you mention it, that is a super hard question!	Yes a friend and my mom.	Maybe fear and koathing?
1	Do you get lots of snow where you live?	Look at this article in the Cosmopolitan. See for yourself.	Well maybe if they start cheating again and have another "spygate" or something.	Yeah, that would be awesome, Cogsworth and Lumiere would be my best friends.	Not as many as I used to.	I have not, but would love to.  You?
1	Do you have any exciting plans for today?	Not by normal standards, but I am excited about!	I'm going to another concert, to see Kimbra.	I am going to get some cleaning done and listen to some music.	No not at the moment. What do you have in mind?	Not really. I guess I'll just stay at home and watch movies.
1	Do you have any favorite kind of weather?	Yea, the album titled Night Passage is pretty good as well.	Country, what about you?	Toconoma is similar but a little lighter.	Yeah, I love hip hop.	All of them really
1	Do you have any houseplants?	I have too many that I like to be honest. They're one of my favorite bands.	From the 1980s? Who's That Girl is probably my favorite.	I really like Sweet Home Alabama. I just watched it the other day.	Jaxson de Ville is pretty entertaining.	Yes I have a boy that's 7.  He's just now getting into them.
1	Do you have any penpals?	I have too many that I like to be honest. They're one of my favorite bands.	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.	Nope. Free tickets to the first to show up	Yes a friend and my mom.	I have a football story.
1	Do you have any TV shows that you watch regularly?	Because it's a better view. I like the commercials.	You mean episodes?	What do you mean?	Yes and no.	I don't like to have them interrupted by commercials.  It sort of breaks up the story.
1	Do you like classical music?	I love classical, especially Mozart.	I do not, I just cant get into it	Yes, but I like more modern classical music like Rimskey-Korsekoff and Rachmoninoff.	I have liked some, I dont listen to it often though, I prefer music to dance to	I do.
1	Do you prefer hot or cold weather?	Oh, yes. That is another great song from katy perry.	Yes, why.	They get used to it like Denver player do with the thinner air because of altitude.	Oh, that's a hard one.   Snow White is the first full length Disney so it's awesome.	Yes but go into the future.
1	Do you think dogs or cats are funnier pets?	Yep!	Yes but these two gave new meaning to sneaky.	Yes I do like dogs.	Yes, they were cute and funny	I do. I saw Bolt recently.
1	Do you think fish make good pets?	I do every time I play certain songs my dog likes to run around the apartment and play.	Well I have a nice little propane grill that I cook fish on.	I think so, probably an owl and you?	I have a lot of movies. Who is your favirote actor?	Just about anything.
1	Whats the weather going to be like this week?	Hopefully they will get a game in tomorrow.	No plans, why?	Not much, probably Netflix binging.	I think that an early Autumn would be a great time to go to the concert.	For Men or Women?
1	Have you ever been bitten by a mosquito?	No why have you?	Yeah, last week.	Alright sounds cool so far.	Been pushed on the floor, and swung into someone but nothing serious.	It doesn't ring a bell, who stars in it?
1	Have you ever had a nightmare?	No I cant say that I have.	Yes they have and true Steelers fans protect those towels with their lives.	No I haven't but my friend has, he loved it.	My father actually took me once when I was about 8 years old, we saw the Kings going against the Bruins!	Nope. Why should I? It's all the same.
1	Have you ever seen a shooting star?	you mean the one that came out in 2015?	Oh my, I have many. The first one that comes to mind is from The Empire Strikes Back.	No, I have never even heard of that.	I have. I watched Martian the other day.	Yes I have.
1	What is your favorite junk food?	No, my favorite is Barry Lyndon.	One After 909	The Shining	I love finding nemo!	I like Ex Machina.
1	How do you usually sign your emails?	I plan on catching up on some good movies!	Tomorrow.	yes, take a look !	I have CDs, downloads and vinyl in my collection.   I'm trending more towards downloads, because of space and storage issues.	I sleep
1	How fast can you type?	Yes, the voices are also special.	Yes exactly.It makes you reflect on the nature of intelligence.	Okay. Best reboot.	Well actually doing it	Yes, usually rock makes me want to drive fast! It is good road trip music.
1	Would you like to try living on another planet?	Because earth became so dried up that plants and animals started dying off and food was short.	Yes, that's exactly it. A strange hypothetical that I don't think has happened to anyone ever, but a fun one nonetheless.	Yeah, that would be awesome, Cogsworth and Lumiere would be my best friends.	That might be fun.	hmm not really, i can't really pin one down,so had to ask you hahaha
1	If you could have one present for your birthday, what would you ask for?	I got a lot of CD's that I have been wanting!	You know what I will ask him if he wants to go. It would be something for the two of us to do together.	No not really, I just watch a few games here and there.	Of course! I was born in the wrong generation music wise.	The Smashing Pumpkins
2	What musical instrument would you like to learn?	Yes, I know how to play the piano a bit.   The music is beautiful.	I like listening to the piano.	I'd go for the piano.	I actually I do, I like to play the guitar.	I'd want to learn to play the guitar the most I think.
2	What is your ethnic background?	With the instrumentation, it's pretty obvious.	I really like Lady Gaga, and bands like Zedd but have a soft spot for metal.	Duran Duran it's not rock but I still like	I like resident evil but world war Z is more idealist.  The way it spreads, the way the zombies move and don't like already sick people.	I like Jazz music.
2	What is your favorite book and why?	Prisioner of Azchaban.	My mom would play it all the time in the car when I was growing up.	Well, the first two were more kids movies, but by the third one the kids are starting to grow up, and they all do a better job acting.	I like the dwarves. They are really funny.	The cast of actors was just amazing.
2	What is your favorite food from another culture?	I think I would have to say Dumb & Dumber.	I like how the aliens are hurt by water, that is so random	One After 909	Last friday night is the best I think	I love Dory.
1	What is your favorite meal?	Probably Terminator 2.	I love Joan Jett.	I like Chamber of Secrets.	The Shining	saving all my love for you, whitney houston.
2	What is your favorite movie series?	What do you mean?	Definitely the fast and the furious	Harry potter	Harry Potter hands down.	I don't know.
2	What is your favorite place to take pictures?	Probably Fly Away	Probably Beautiful Day	My favorite is Scott pilgrim it is a great movie	Maybe The Jealous Sound, I've seen then three times!	I love to run to a loop of Just Dance and Edge of Glory.
2	What is your favorite regional cuisine in the world?	Or the best food critic has a refined color wheel on his palette.	in comedy?	Well I just got the new album by Lady Gaga named Joanne.	I like Zach Efron and Vanessa Hudgens.	I like Jabba.
2	What is your favorite side dish or condiment?	Side of what	When Hercules is Training to become a hero.	The one where he is traveling with John Candy.	The Matrix	I would have to say Amelie.
2	What is your favorite song when you feel lonely?	I love Poker Face!	You've got to hide your love away. I love the way he sings it and it makes me think about what he was going through publicly at the time.	No my favorite song by The Killers is "Dustland Fairytale."	I have a couple that I like.	I like that song "Way with Words". It is just so funny.
2	What is your favorite thing about yourself?	I absolutely love the minions.	My favorite time to watch an NFL game is in the rain. It also makes it more exciting.	I really liked the plot. It was very thought-provoking.	My favorite is obviously Antonio Brown.	I really liked the most recent one, The Force Awakens!
2	What is your favorite thing to do when you're alone?	I really liked the movie Birds. That is a classic.	Oh wow, that is a hard choice! I guess I'd have to say Anything Can Happen.	Good question. I'd maybe say number five, Fast 5.	I really liked Red Light District.	I loved Land Before time
2	Who is your favorite author and why? What are some of their more popular works?	I feel like he is morally correct and thinks through his actions compared to others.  Plus, he uses a blue lightsaber.	Yes, she is very likable, and she is in a great Disney movie.	I always liked "Don't Shoot me, i'm the piano player," and i really liked "the fox," which was recorded a bit later, i think in 1980.	I like his You are so beautiful to me.	I like the Return of the King, except it is so long!
2	Who is your hero and why?	I think Jeff Bridges character is. He kept his moral compass north, to try to get a people to not be controlled.  He wanted to set them free.	Both! But, feel free to give either one a try.	I love Brad Pitt. He has been in so many movies and Fight Club was awesome!	You know, I would have to say my favorite was Draco Malfoy.	I really like Boba Fett, I feel like he's the mercenary of the Star Wars Universe.
2	Do you have any allergies?	I have too many that I like to be honest. They're one of my favorite bands.	How about "My Confessions" by Usher?	Yes, listen to Of Monsters and Men.	I'd highly recommend their album Toxicity. It has some of their most popular songs they've ever made.	Well I really love Deadmaus.
2	Do you have any nicknames? 	I have too many that I like to be honest. They're one of my favorite bands.	Yeah, Tootsie and Some Like it Hot.	I really like Sweet Home Alabama. I just watched it the other day.	From the 1980s? Who's That Girl is probably my favorite.	Jaxson de Ville is pretty entertaining.
2	What was the last movie you saw in a theater?	That's easy. That would be Jaws.	Wonder Woman with Gal Gidot.	Oh it was that disney movie Moana.	It has been about 10 years!	Snatched. It is a comedy.
2	Do you have a good sleep schedule?	OK BUT I WILL CHECK WITH MY FRIEND AND GET BACK WITH YOU.	I think so, if it's a weekend.	YES I WILL CHECK WITH MY FRIAEND THAT WILL BE NICE.	I like the Jets a lot.	I think it has potential
2	Do you use any online streaming services? 	I think Spotify is the best	I had Amazon Prime which included movies.  I used to have Netflix.	Oh I was gonna use my Spotify account.	I do use Netflix, but I also like to buy them from Amazon on occasion. Netflix is definitely simpler for me right now. Truth be told I'm not that big of a movie person.	What do you mean?
2	Do you chat online with strangers?	Sure i like to watch football but usually only the superbowl.	I am free for  a few minutes. I am on break at work.	I know what you mean.  Did you see how he acted with the ocean?	Sometimes, if I get invited.	They released a trailer of it, and the people who viewed the trailer in the first 24 hours broke the record for number of views in the first 24 hours for a Disney film.
2	What kind of online games have you heard of or played?	Seattle is nowhere near close to me so unfortunatley not. I hope to one day though.	In person or on television?	Yeah.	Yes, several but many many years ago.	I have seen a few. I like the international ones.
2	How do you keep in touch with people who live far away? 	Yeah, that would be awesome, Cogsworth and Lumiere would be my best friends.	It was at the Van's Warped tour, so there was a lot of bands.	Look at House of Mouse, that's just one giant crossover that throws all the rules out of the window. Disney just does what it wants.	Yeah, that happens to me sometimes. Why?	At least in the case of the Patriots, they are a very steady team. Same coach, same QB, year in and year out.
2	Anything exciting happening this week?	It has Sander Kleinenberg, ZHU, Stanton Warriors, Pablo Nouvelle, and a bunch of others I don't think I'd heard of before.	I'm thinking sci-fi. Maybe Alien: Covenant?	Well, it really develops the story in new ways and fills it in. Plus, Woody Harrelson is entering the story and that's exciting.	You know, standard stuff. A few kids movies, a few superhero films, and sequels like Transformers, Pirates, and Planet of the Apes.	Going to a concert.
2	Have you ever tutored someone? 	Yes, I have a friend who goes every year.	Yes. Every year my cousins pool their money and buy season tickets and rotate who gets them for each game.	Yes, I used to be a big fan of his.	I have been listening to Justin beiber.	This isn't the most original answer, but Mastodon's new album is pretty good.
2	What is your favorite thing to talk about with your friends? 	I absolutely love the minions.	My favorite is obviously Antonio Brown.	I liked "Reflection."	I really liked the most recent one, The Force Awakens!	Probably Fly Away
2	Are there any household chores you enjoy? Which ones — and why?	I feel like he is morally correct and thinks through his actions compared to others.  Plus, he uses a blue lightsaber.	Hopefully they will include a season schedule this time.	Oh definitely.	This is the eight one, that's why it's "fate of the furious" as in f plus "eight" you know?	Those are good songs without a doubt. What about Paradise City?
2	Do you like watching children's tv shows?	Because it's a better view. I like the commercials.	Oh, all kinds. My favorite to watch is football.	You mean episodes?	Yep, only talking about movies.	Do you mean throughout, or a general soundtrack?
2	Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?	I never thought of it that way, that makes a lot of sense.	Yeah - it's definitely can be austure but it's also so full of emotion and passion sometimes.	I could do that.	That will be fine with me, I may discover a new favorite!	Okay, I will! Are you going to any of their upcoming concerts?
2	Are there any sounds that really annoy you?	I like the Jason Bourne movies a lot?	I liked "Your Welcome," actually.	I have a lot of movies. What are you in the mood for?	Like right now?	Catch Me If You Can was pretty entertaining.
2	Are there any vegetarian dishes that you like more than the meat versions?	I couldn't agree more.	Oh sure, I like going to watch the bands. I usually get three or four plates from different venders and grab a beverage and eat while I watch a band.	I really love Vivaldi's "Four Seasons."  Each season has its own uniqueness, making them each a delight to listen to.	So it would be worth it for me to learn more about baseball?	well this one single song is so people spotify is full of remixes for rolling in the deep
2	Are there are songs that you think everyone in your country knows?	"I can't fight this feeling" is a good song too.	Honestly, I like a majority of their stuff. "Up&Up" and "Hymn for the Weekend" are two of my favorites.	My favorite one of all is called "Vanishing Point".	I liked the song Blurred Lines by Robin Thicke. Then I really fell in love with it when Jimmy Fallon did the video.	I liked "Your Welcome," actually.
2	Are you a very organized person?	Well that is something	His first album was released in 2006.	To me that usually means the funniest ones.	Well it's been swell talking to you!	I guess so. Yoda tells Luke, for example, not to give in to anger and hatred.
2	Are you good at fixing problems with technology?	I'm listening to Rihanna's greatest hits.	Is NFL expansion on the horizon?	Yea, but I'm sure people will get tired of them eventually.	I liked those movies, I thought they were much truer to the subject material than some other things. I thought it was very well executed.	Well, I thought the whole Solo's son goes bad was a little unoriginal, I mean the old Expanded Universe did the same thing with Jacen Solo.
2	Are you better at doing one thing at a time or can you juggle multiple tasks?	That is a really tough question!	I'll make the time. And then we can sing some songs together.	Hey, remember how we used to shoot hoops nonstop for hours in your driveway when we were in junior high?	I prefer to go late... and have some time to read about the movie hahahaha!!	It's also a lot harder to write for them. Lots of young composers write literally impossible things.
2	Are you crafty? What kind of stuff do you make?	I like a lot of indie stuff, just not so... hipstery.	Well, lots, I've got a few jerseys.	No not really.	Well, he found some version of the prequels online that were supposed to be better.  They cut out a lot of the stuff he told me was stupid.	Well, I like to wear a jersey.
2	Are you handy at fixing things?	I'm good at making baskets but I need to be more aggressive.	The Packers have a pre-season game in DC against the Redskins, and there is a game just before Christmas against the Panthers in North Carolina	I loved Iron Man, the first one.  And I saw 'Daredevil' on Netflix, but that's it.	Not much but it's a hobby I really enjoy?	Take care I'll see you tomorrow.
2	Are you very active of do you prefer to just relax in your free time?	I agree, maybe I will look into it.	I get that, but it is just a game.	I'm going to the Video store later today to pick up a copy of it.	Well, maybe a mixture of movies I can watch when my little kids are around and some to watch with my husband when they go to sleep. My husband and I like historical movies.	Of course. Like you even said, they're super underrated.
2	What do you do to alleviate boredom?	I am trying to start thinking a different way.	Usually classical, which is odd because I also listen to classical when I go to bed.	Well beyond putting more work in the offseason he should not overthink his stats.	Yeah, but it's a conversation worth happening. Folk music now is nothing like it was back in the day.	I sure do. It's in my collection.
2	Can you describe yourself in 4 words?	His orchestration, text setting, harmonies, and so forth, and combining voice and orchestra are all foreshadowing those who come after.	Yes, the voices are also special.	Can't do it. It's a package.	If I remember right, it was because he wanted to prove a point.	Dory's parents were in it! There were also multiple friends made along the way!
2	What would your life be like without a computer? 	There are so many interesting fact about the viewers of the Super Bowl. It would totally blow your mind.	Of course, I would be in heaven if I could make music everyday!	Tell me both. Adolescent first.	NO, I asked what are you listening to!  What music are you listening to?	Hey  hang on I need to go check my chicken. Hah i just thought of another silly movie Ghost and Mister Chicken. Who played lead?
2	Can you use a number keypad without looking at it?	What would be expensive about it?	That is a really tough question!	Wait.	Han Solo shoots Greedo under the table in the Mos Eisley Cantina from under the table!	I liked the original because it looked more like a film.
2	Could you be a good security guard?	They need shooting. They should take the best shooter available, which is Malik Monk.	Yeah. Any kind of running game would make their receivers even more of threat.	They're not protecting the quarterback, they're babying him and giving him an unfair advantage.	I would think so based on their new draft picks. They have one of the best defensive ends in Myles Garrett now.	Well yeah but now he is really taking over.
2	How do you deal with sad memories? 	Sure.  The movie opens with baby Groot dancing oblivious through a fight scene to ELO's "Mr. Blue Sky".  It was fantastic!	I don't know, he was on an island with nobody and nothing around, there's only so much he can do.	Sorry! You know I love Paul too.	I'm not a big fan.	A lot of the time I will sit through his movies, and he'll sit through mine!
2	Did anybody ever play a practical joke on you?	Yeah, in Seattle.  The field was really green and I guess some of the stats were kind of interesting, but it got a little boring after a while.	The Cowboys for sure.	I'll predict that they have a good chance to win when they play at Atlanta.	Someone else would have appreciated the gig much more.	That's a tricky one sometimes, if it's a movie I know I'm gonna be laughing a lot at I stick to quick swallow snacks like m&ms.
2	Did you ever get a really bad haircut? What did you do? 	I got the thigh high boots, and I got some clear pumps to go with my all white dress that I also purchased from them.	I got 2. Nobody was there.	I was at this thrift store and bought some old floppy disks that had a bunch of music store on dhem.	I mean the movie was okay but Beyonce is not a good actress in my opinion.	No. I did not.
2	Did you ever go to a dog cafe? How was it?	I do not go to the disco's often, I prefer to listen to music at home.	It has some amazing songs on the album.	I guess Jasmine.	I loved how BFG, which stands for Big Friendly Giant, by the way, would sneak through town without being seen by anyone.	No I didn't! I wish I did though, was it good?
2	Did you ever take a trip over spring or summer break?	I think that an early Autumn would be a great time to go to the concert.	Your right, we should do thas more often.	yea, sure, why not.	I sure hope you are right about that!	How long do you usually spend watching old clips?
2	Did you grow up sharing clothes with your siblings?	Yeah. Sometimes. Right now I'm listening to Come Together.	Not really. SO I didn't really grow up knowing their music.	Why?	Yeah, Disney has done alot of good family movies. Toy Story will always be my favorite.	I would, I think it would be a great family movie for your bunch!
2	Do you have something that is super important to you that no one else cares about?	I think what you want to ask is HOW i know that, not why. Why is a query into a reason, or the cause. How is an query into the mechanism.	Sure, what else would it be?	I heard it goes into Wonder Woman's Amazon origins.	No, I just realized the album is just remixes of the same song.	I'm sure it could happen if they have the right equipment and funding.
2	Do the characters that actors play ever change your feelings about them?	I liked that they used The Rock.	All that I've seen in the previews is Mater and LIghtning. I'd love to see Sarge or Doc or Sally.	OK so you think more directors will pay attention to accuracy?	I would go with Ruper Grint.	Cruella De Vil, Ursula, Gaston, Captain Hook, not to mention all of the evil queens!
2	Do think it would be more fun or scary to go around the Earth in space?	I was thinking the same thing.	I'm not as sure about that as I once was. I think Big Ben isn't what he used to be, and is really starting to show his age.	Well is something cheesy to your liking?	Absolutely. I also liked that approach.	I'm really not. I'm old school and this Wonder Woman is not going to be like the real one.
2	Do you agree with the expression that the early bird gets the worm?	Alight, I also like that one song he did for Wreck-It-Ralph	Yea I think there are some other prominent cases of that as well.	Tell me both. Adolescent first.	Yeah movies need to fit a lot of story into two hours.	Exactly, what horror movies are flooded with. So if you go into it with low expectations you may be pleasantly surprised.
2	Do you believe in telekensis?	I don't have faith in the organization.	No idea.  An argument can be made just to include every commissioner.  Probably not this year though.	I haven't seen him play a game yet! I've just watched the college highlights but I'm not sold on him being much of an improvement for the Bears.	With his suit and his funny wife?	He'll throw in a bit of obscurantism and doesn't always finish what he started.
2	Do you do your own laundry or does somebody do it for you?	Yeah I could lend it to you if you want to hear it.	No unfortunately not.	I sleep	I plan on catching up on some good movies!	Is it that big of a deal
2	Do you donate your time or money to charity? 	I just bought some beer for the party	If I was making millions of dollars, I woudn't mind. Wouldn't you like to see the season start earlier since there isn't really much sports.Y	You have to be connected to the internet.	It's the experience. This is art, you grump.	Tomorrow.
2	Do you drink tap water in your home or buy bottled water?	I am not sure about either of those; but I will give them a try!	When I was a kid, my parents used to sneak in soda in their jackets.	Yes, that's the one. I'm not sure which is worse being in a cage or having no protection.	I see your point.	The movie is starring Jerry Blake but plays a role as the name of Terry a family working man. He happens to have a numerous of wives he married and then murders them.
2	Do you eat out or order in more often? 	I'll buy you a pretzel if you want one at the game.	Well, I feel like they do work sometimes. Like the remake of Ocean's Eleven was good.	You could be right. I just wish Paul Walker was still here. I hate it that he died like that. Well I do think the send off at the end of the last movie was touching and sweet.	hmm not really, i can't really pin one down,so had to ask you hahaha	He was an attractive African American man. I'm trying to think of a song.
2	Do you ever ask older people for advice?	Yeah, I'm in the mood for something different than what I usually listen to.	Really?	Of course! I suggest listening to the classic hip hop station on pandora.	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.	The biggest one is "who is Supreme Leader Snoke"?
2	Do you ever binge watch TV or movies?	Neither. I prefer watching things on the internet.	All the time.   I like to watch the Star Wars movies.	Like to hate watch them or to have fun making fun of them?	Not usually, but last week I watched two Gene Kelly Movies.	Yeah, alot, like which ones?
2	Do you ever have funny or interesting thoughts in the shower?	Well what sort of genre are you into wanting to watch?	Sure.  The movie opens with baby Groot dancing oblivious through a fight scene to ELO's "Mr. Blue Sky".  It was fantastic!	I have in fact.	How about something with Will Ferrell? He is always funny.	Of course, I heard that Michael Jackson wanted Prince to sing "Bad" as a duet.
2	Do you ever use any home remidies when you are sick?	Yes I have a boy that's 7.  He's just now getting into them.	From what I see, under dogs winning makes for exciting first couple of rounds. But boring in the finals.	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.	They don't really seem that different to me. They all start to blend together.	Who is that? That could refer to a lot of people.
2	Do you ever wish you had the artistic ability to express your feelings?	hmm not really, i can't really pin one down,so had to ask you hahaha	I wanted to be there. That's all I wanted. I was just too late. And I didn't need to say I loved him. I knew he loved me. I just wanted to say I;m sorry for the one last time.	I like the ones that make me wonder the star is crazy, or it is all real.	Yeah, that happens to me sometimes. Why?	Yes, definitely!
2	Do you get sick often?	Every game that I go to we always tailgate.	Well you know what they say suffer for fashion. And it is my own style, why not?	Either student recitals, or the wind symphony.	I like the drama ones with more story	For me that's easy.........the Pats. and the 9'ers.
2	Do you go to bed at a regular time every day?	I definitely will.	I try to go at least once, it is hard to find the time with work to go out.	How did you know?	I might have to come over and watch the Cowboys beat the Vikings.	I tend to watch it at home. I like to feel like I'm getting use out of the cable sports package I've purchased
2	Do you have a controled diet or do you eat freely?	Just about anything.	I like burgers and potatoes.	Yes I have a boy that's 7.  He's just now getting into them.	OK BUT I WILL CHECK WITH MY FRIEND AND GET BACK WITH YOU.	Well it depends on what I expect from my movie experience, how interactive I'm gonna get.
2	Do you have a favorite flavor of ice cream?	oh he's good to i forgot about him	Haha, you goof! Did you really enjoy the movie or not?	Did you play the new Mortal Kombat X ps4 game?	Certainly not. He was more like a pop rapper.	He was so popular when I was in middle school!
2	Do you have a favorite stationery item?	Probably some old cutoff bleached men's levis. I think they've been around since 1990!	I like a lot of action movies from the past.	Not really, I just saw Boss Baby	I am really looking forward to the new Lando movie.	That's like asking someone if they have a favorite child!  I guess if I had to pick, maybe the Lion King.
2	Do you have a favorite superhero?	Hmm let me think.	probably the dark knight.	I love superman	Definitely Deadpool.	I don't think so. Do you?
2	Do you have a fear of heights?	Oh I love the fast and furious movies but they might be a little overworked don't you think?	Well, have you heard of the movie Strange Wilderness?	I love Stephen King.  His books are my favorite.	Because... he's Han Solo. I mean, he's the best one.	I don't think so. I thought mostly they did love songs and things like that.
2	Do you have a high tolerance for pain?	She should be grateful to have a friend like Taylor Swift regardless of what they get to do together.	I sure do, I think Andrew Luck will really have a strong season.	yes, I think we can go all the way if things fall in place!	That's a shame I'm concerned about the concussion thing as well.	Which teams seem to have made some good choices then in terms of positions ?
2	Do you have a morning ritual?	I liked the gospel singers in the music video for it.	Sure they do. But I doubt it's the type of nice Tatooine ladies that you'd want to meet.	I do not go to the disco's often, I prefer to listen to music at home.	Well two actually. ET and Raiders of the Lost Arc.	Oh certainly, who doesn't, i can rock on everyday and play live everyday. Famous i will be.
2	Do you have a phone at home? If not, when was the last time you did?	I do not go to the disco's often, I prefer to listen to music at home.	I think it was 3 years ago to a Bob Dylan concert.	Yes, their story was really tragic.	No, they still have enough talent to keep their heads above water.	Oh yes, 100%! I can only imagine how hard it will be to top the fashion of this years awards next year!
2	Do you have a routine sleeping position?	Sometimes yeah.	OK BUT I WILL CHECK WITH MY FRIEND AND GET BACK WITH YOU.	I like a local team near me.	I love Cabin in the Woods, it was so good.	Well two actually. ET and Raiders of the Lost Arc.
2	Do you have a song that you listen to when you get angry or bitter about something?	Depends on my mood, sometimes if I'm angry I like to listen to Linkin Park.	Well, that's true. What other reasons do you have?	yes tell me	My prom date and I had it as our favorite song. We listened to it constantly.	Exactly, music is great.
2	Do you have a strong memory?	I can try, well there was a man I don't remember his name in a tank.	Well two actually. ET and Raiders of the Lost Arc.	Is almost 40 touchdowns and over 5,000 yards pretty good to you?	Well I have to say that I am a big fan of The Band Perry.	I often find I want a gentle calming feeling. I think I feel worked up while at the gym or maybe to self aware and the classical helps soothe me.
2	Do you have any 5 or 10 year goals?	Somehow Metalica has made it for years and still sells records.	That was some superbowl last year	This is the NFL we're talking about.	I personally think so. It's a brilliant movie. In our house, it is our all-time favorite animated film. Get Ponyo, too. It's cute!	Well, that can't happen. Not with Cleveland.
2	Do you have any bad habits?	Well I saw one called Hardcore Henry.	I have too many that I like to be honest. They're one of my favorite bands.	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.	I have a lot of movies. Who is your favirote actor?	I'd say most reboot films are awful attempts at bringing back a popular series.
2	Do you have any friends from a religion other than yours?	i recently fell in love with a song from them called Sky Full of Stars.	Nightlife is probably my favorite, the beat is amazing.	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.	I like the pros a bit more I think.	Little Nicky was kind of funny.
2	Do you have any habits you wish you could erase?	Drink and Magnetic North have fun music videos. You should be able to find them on Youtube.	I am going for the Spurs or Golden State	Yes a friend and my mom.	Maybe fear and koathing?	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.
2	Do you have any pets? What are their names?	The brothers names are Reid and Neil Perry. Kimberly is their sister.	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.	Sure, John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr.	Catch Me If You Can was pretty entertaining.	Well, they always have Yates
2	Do you have any phobias?	I have too many that I like to be honest. They're one of my favorite bands.	Um, I'm leaning toward Luke being her dad, but I dunno. That seems too obvious.	How about "My Confessions" by Usher?	Well, I think the greatest cover song is Respect by Aretha Franklin.	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.
2	Do you have any special greeting used only for phone calls in your country?	Sure! Don't you?	so whats the number to the radio station?	I am going to get some cleaning done and listen to some music.	I am the same way! A lot of times I just end up listening to older music.	A bit of both I guess. I like being local to my community.
2	Do you have good vision? If not, do prefer contacts or glasses?	I have lots of family movies.	Something catchy and fast-paced.	Nope, but I read about that quote.	Have you seen all of the Scream movies?	Later Hermione obviously.
2	Do you have some favorite clothes?	I have a couple shirts, I think. My mom got rid of most of my things when I moved out.	I need to listen to her newest album to make a decision.	Hmm let me think.	I love the cinematography of the third one but I love that the last 2 got to go more in depth.	Yeah sure.  I like Jaws.
2	Do you have your own website or blog? What do you publish on it?	I use a website called Pandora. I would recommend it.	No unfortunately not.	Yeah I could lend it to you if you want to hear it.	No man I don't. It looked like some big walrus or something, really ugly.	Not unless you want to pay for an extra service.
2	Do you know any dietary restrictions for pregnant women?	I think for the most part the rating on violent films are effective in keeping the wrong audiences out of a movie.	Of course! I suggest listening to the classic hip hop station on pandora.	You can always use Spotify to test out some of these new albums.	Yeah, Yvette Mimieux, she was in a  lot of those old SF movies.	.Yes. Life's about cooperating, mom, like you always said.
2	Do you know how many bones you have?	Who knows! As long as they keep making money!	My Dad loved Doris Day.	They're interesting tidbits of history. anyway. The major breakthrough in music theory came by the way of the mathematician Pythagoras.	Because I've heard that from many people and I've read descriptions of it.	He was born on the same date as my daughter, different years of course.
2	Do you know of anybody who was assassinated?	I think it was Paul.	Yeah Baba O Riley is still a hit in my eyes	Darth Maul. That guy was pure evil.	Of course they were some revolutionary rappers.	Well Selena Gomez's dress was really simple and boring. It looked very off-the-rack.
2	Do you know your blood type?	Yes, I definitely want their blood reports.	I sleep	I just have no idea.	I watched a documentary about the studio where The Swampers used to record.	I like country mainly
2	Do you know your zodiac sign?	No I missed that one.	Have to look at Kuznetsov. He's marquee.	I plan on catching up on some good movies!	He'll throw in a bit of obscurantism and doesn't always finish what he started.	I watched a documentary about the studio where The Swampers used to record.
2	Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?	Not really, I like to watch movies that are not as informative on my down time.	I like them because they are real life stories.	Any kind.	It has so many different stations and is commercial free.	I guess BB-8 has more of a personality than R2-D2.
2	Do you like drinking wine?	Yeah, I love wine, but outside in 90 degrees during a baseball game out of a plastic cup is an awful idea.	Yeah, something like that.  Even as a kid, it seemed wrong to watch.	I think having a slight buzz is a good thing to listen to music with.	Yes he drank more and made more eluded advances of being interested in women.	YES I WILL BE GLAD TO .SEE YOU THEN.
2	Do you like go to out for New Years or just stay home?	Sure, I could use some new cds to listen to in the car. What's the sale prices?	I would love to go to a Rams game.	Oh, we're working with the Alzheimers and Dementia patients.	Sure that sounds like fun! We could order a pizza or something.	You know what I will ask him if he wants to go. It would be something for the two of us to do together.
2	Do you like learning new languages?	Sure.	Not really, K-pop is fun with catchy tracks.	I do not, I have watched some subtitled movies though.	I can do without all that.	Oh come on, I just mean how much I'm going to be moving around.
2	Do you like movies based on comic book heros?	Yes I like Deadpool and most of the Marvel movies. You?	No, they are all horrible	Yeah, definitely.   Why do you ask?	In general yes, they seem to be better.	I do, but only if they follow the story really well.
2	Do you like seeing a movie in a theater or at home better?	Nowadays, I prefer to rent a movie and watch it at home.	Maybe, but I also have an extensive Netflix queue.	I prefer to watch movies in the comfort of my home.	I understand. It costs more, so you want to get the best value and experience you can.	That is a hard choice.
2	Do you like to follow fashion?	Yes, I love fashion!	I will be honest I prefer it to be told to me	Sure I love fashion, what's your favorite thing to wear?	Are you talking to me?	I was thinking either Princess Leia or Padamei
2	Do you like to follow political news?;	So many of the summer's movies are just old movies rehashed or sequels. I don't think anything original is out there.	I mean, I'll follow the Raiders' season halfheartedly.	That's one of the things that makes fantasy baseball so frustrating.  I"m afraid if i dump some of these guys, they'll turn their seasons around as soon as another fantasy team picks him up.	Okay cool! I'm really into Irish music, any others I should listen to?	It's called Jeepers Creepers;: Cathedral. Filming is already underway.
2	Do you like to play in the snow?	Sure, it would be even better if it were snowing!	Yeah, that would be awesome, Cogsworth and Lumiere would be my best friends.	Sure, I'd like to go.	Yep, that is the one.	I think they need to get a dynamic guard in the draft, like that kid from Louisville, Donavon Mitchell.
2	Do you like your name? If given the chance, would you change it?	Hmm. Gotta be Flicks. It's so sad, but somehow it's uplifting.	I guess so	That's a tough one. But one of them is "Peaches and Cream."	Well I guess it depends on who I am talking to at the moment. Also who I have been listening to lately will obviously influence me.	Yes it was called Before I Go To Sleep.
2	Do you mostly use cash or cards to pay for things?	If I was making millions of dollars, I woudn't mind. Wouldn't you like to see the season start earlier since there isn't really much sports.Y	I was thinking of it but they are so expensive.	Yea, but it's just not something I want to be promoting.	When you look at their roster. Where's their future?	Well salaries would take a dip but why would the owners care about that
2	Do you often procrastinate things?	Every game that I go to we always tailgate.	Yeah, but it's a conversation worth happening. Folk music now is nothing like it was back in the day.	Well, I like to wear a jersey.	I like the drama ones with more story	My Dad loved Doris Day.
2	Do you have or would you get a Tattoo? If so, what would it be and where?	Probably Wanted Dead or Alive.	I think I would say that I really like the physical contact the most.	Well, I really like "Hey Jude".	My guess it would be between Empire and Return of the Jedi, when the Rebellion is in shambles.	Hmm. Gotta be Flicks. It's so sad, but somehow it's uplifting.
2	Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?	Yes! I am a nerd so they are my favorite genre.	I do, but I like a more dystopian genre like "the Hunger Games".	I like movies like The Hunger Games, but I don't usually like science fiction movies.	Very much! I have a collection of them at home, from the 40s onward to the present day.	Yes, I liked the Avatar.
2	Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?	The books by far, the movies are great but they are missing so much more than whats in the books.	For the most part yes, but I am glad they made movies from the series. How about you?	Yeah I do. The Harry Potter movies are good.	No, they are all horrible	I have CDs, downloads and vinyl in my collection.   I'm trending more towards downloads, because of space and storage issues.
2	Do you recycle well?	I like the feel good quality to a good Christmas movie.	what is that? Is that a band?	yes i do she is hot	Yes. I love her. I've seen her in concert several times. Who are your other favorites in any genre?	Yeah, the most powerful classical music you could listen to.
2	Do you regularly exercise?	Not as regularly as I should but I do from time to time.	For my cardio, I can do just about any type of music, as long as I enjoy what I am hearing.	I imagine they are not very intense because they need to save energy for the game.	Oh, there are many tunes in my jazzersize arsenal!	I like techno or house music while I workout.
2	Have you ever used an instant camera such as a Polaroid? When?	Yes, yes, but to be an instrument, it has to be fabricated.	The problem is the way the NFL has marketed the game on TV.	Avatar is nowhere near being just a computer generated film. Besides, computer animation is an art form on its own merit.	Yes me and my kids have Harry Potter marathons all the time.	Oh I am sure over $2 billion or so.
2	Do you stay in hotels when you travel?	Yeah, like I was watching American Idol with someone and she was one of the people performing in between the contestants.	Yes, I have been to games in Denver, Arizona, Dallas and Houston.	I would! I hope it would be close though!	There's lots of hotels with ticket packages, but there are probably plenty of smaller motelds if you want to find some place cheaper to stay. It's always best in these events to book way ahead.	And you have to adopt Dug!
2	Do you text more or call more? Why?	Not really, no.	I guess BB-8 has more of a personality than R2-D2.	Yeah I make sure I have the time for it.	Yoko Ono interrupted them, it was quite funny.	Absolutely! Music is an emotion, a heartbeat, a sensation. Music, although not flesh and blood, lives, breaths and has life.
2	Do you think all animals on Earth are important?	Well, they're Disney movies.  They're about a bunch of appliances looking for their master.	There is a bear.	They don't really seem that different to me. They all start to blend together.	Honestly, I'll be surprised if we make the playoffs.	There was the original old-school one made in the 30s, the Naomi Watts one, and then one I didn't see that took place entirely on the island.
2	Do you think capital punishment is a good punishment?	Brady got suspended for four games and the Pats lost two draft picks.	No, it destroyed a lot of the original Star Wars mythology for me.	Hah. That's stupid	There are so many interesting fact about the viewers of the Super Bowl. It would totally blow your mind.	I think it is one of the best. The Priest is in a shape the whole movie.
2	Do you think dogs mind being kept on leashes?	Yes, they were cute and funny	That movie is a top favorite for a lot of children, they watch it over and over.	From what I see, under dogs winning makes for exciting first couple of rounds. But boring in the finals.	i don't know, I might be able to squeeze out a few more.	Imagine the dog hair getting on everything!
2	Do you think eating cereal is a good breakfast?	It had to have been a horrible vacation.	Just about anything.	Whoa wait what is this now?	Yeah, what is your favorite pizza?	If I am watching the movie in the theater I like to have popcorn and a soda.
2	Do you think factory work would be intersting for you?	With his suit and his funny wife?	No idea.  An argument can be made just to include every commissioner.  Probably not this year though.	Mostly country and some oldies.  Stuff that's very different from what you're listening to.	I think Christian McCaffrey is already good and is promising.	I hope so.  I really liked the character in the Batman vs Superman movie.
2	Do you think homephones could be improved in any way?	With his suit and his funny wife?	I'm not sure, I think the ending was good enough, people always ask for more for movies they love	Nope. Free tickets to the first to show up	Kromer is a fantastic OL coach. Aside from beating 14 year olds up, they were lucky to get him. He turned our OL into what it is right now.	No idea.  An argument can be made just to include every commissioner.  Probably not this year though.
2	Do you think it would be easy to learn to fly a plane?	Probably golden state, the spurs seem done	Why don't we split an Uber?	I definitely recommend it. But if you're looking for something more family friendly, I heard Moana was really good!	Yeah definitely not.  It was based on a book and the book is really good.	It just seems like it could be something unique.
2	Do you think it's better to travel by land or air to a destination?	Why don't we split an Uber?	Very sentimental!  I think it refers to their longevity.  Their music will live forever and never be forgotten.	What was a part in the movie that stands out to you?	Thats true, i guess its not really something that the average family could afford.  Easier to just watch it on TV too.	Plus it's such a small stadium. I know they're going to build a new one in the future, but it's a soccer stadium as is.
2	Do you think it's important to be thin?	I'm not sure, I think the ending was good enough, people always ask for more for movies they love	I heard it goes into Wonder Woman's Amazon origins.	I guess so	It has to be at least 3 hours.	Apparently Woody and Buzz Lightyear go on a search for Bo Peep, who was given away.
2	Do you think it's offensive to call people "crazy'?	Okay, fair enough. Let see if they stay healthy all year.	I don't know, she might be grateful. Who knows, maybe this is the begining of a career in fashon!	It is, but so is "Wheel in the Sky". So many great songs from them.	The kid from Arkansas? Skipper?	Exactly. The Flaming Lips too, there's something too campy about them for me.
2	Do you think Las Vegas would be a good vacation spot?	Yeah, me neither. But I guess we'll find out.	I don't think so, because Las Vegas' population at any given time is made up largely of tourists.	I think so, last time I checked. Who knows, though, things could have changed.	I think there are some road blocks with the owners on the move.	Yes I think its very cool that the Oakland Raiders are moving there, how exciting NFL football In Vegas!
2	Do you think more movies should be based on video games like Resident Evil was?	The Cable Guy comes to mind. A lot of people I know really hated that movie, but I think it wasn't too bad.	Like what kind of songs do they do?	Yeah, it makes it seem more real because you know this sort of thing really happened and isn't just totally made up for dramatics.	Yes, I heard that.   Do you know which ones?	I don't think he would fit in the sequel to The Force Awakens since it is so far in the future.
2	Do you think mosquitos do any good in the world?	Well I saw one called Hardcore Henry.	I honestly don't know, it just sorta popped into my head.	I like ja rule	They will be using CGI animals.	i hate them to be honest.
2	Do you think people could live today if there were still dinosaurs on the planet?	Look at House of Mouse, that's just one giant crossover that throws all the rules out of the window. Disney just does what it wants.	I know,I know a couple.	Yeah, true. I just don't think the end justifies the means, you know?	Yeah, they had this need for the stuff for raw power, and that tree that the blue people lived in was right on top of a giant deposit of it.	They will be using CGI animals.
2	Do you think people immigrating to your country make it better?	There's a FORTUNE to be made with that type of concert!	Not as long as the pop country is popular.	Ha! Thats easy. I would prove to them he deserves it.	I don't know, exactly.  Don't get me wrong- Garth Brooks, Tim McGraw, Faith Hill,...all great songwriters.  I just have found other tastes, I guess.	YES. And unfortunately, it's happened to me twice.
2	Do you think people who are good at math are smarter?	Of course who doesn't?	Here's a hint: it's in the NFC.	I'm thinking Dallas will have a letdown season.	Eddie Van Halen. Eric Clapton.	Shania twain
2	Do you think some censorship on the internet is a good thing?	i'll try to send you a link, but it is the concert in which they are sitting in like a circle wodden room and there are some people around them.	Not in particular, but I like a lot of the 80s ones.	Players on the batting team take turns hitting against the pitcher of the fielding team, which tries to prevent runs by getting hitters out in any of several ways. A player on the batting team who reaches a base safely can later attempt to advance to subsequent bases during teammates' turns batting, such as on a hit or by other means.	The cast, the story, the animation, and music.	I'm not sure, I think the ending was good enough, people always ask for more for movies they love
2	do you think team sports or individual sports are better?	Hockey and really not many others.	No not really.	I like both for what they are, but hockey is definitely fast paced and exciting.	Anthony Lynn is building a pretty good team with the Chargers	I think that the Cowboys star is iconic.
2	Do you think the creation of social media is more beneficial than not?	I know! i hate when artist don't release good things to their fans.	I mean clearly there are a lot of similar themes there. But overall, I think that that's exactly what fans needed.	Mind if I plagiarize that and use that to explain to them?	Wow, sort of flies in the face of Snowden.	I like rock, blues, and r&b.
2	Do you think there are any undiscovered islands or societies on Earth?	Oh I am sure there are places with refurbished jukeboxes and maybe some of the old things were kept to decorate.	Sure, there's also kaiso music. It's from small islands like St. Lucia and Dominica.	They just came out with the 8th one. They are all really good!	I think that Matt Ryan will continue to dominate. What about you?	My money is on the Earth people, but I hope I'm surprised with an antagonist that is completely different.
2	Do you think there can be world peace?	I do not think that music can help with world peace. You?	I do. Music brings a lot of different cultures and people togethor and I think it can help.	Yes right offo of the peace be still alubm 1955.	I do ... but I don't want to give too much away. If you watch it you have to stay till the end of the credits.	I am not sure. The way it ended maybe...?
2	Do you think tongue twisters are funny?	Well she's kind of useless.	That is true my favorite part of the movie is when Carpet keeps playing tricks on Abu and scares him.	I'm doing good Mark and you?	I really liked The first one from the first series.	Not really.  I don't really care for Jim Carey though.
2	Do you think water is expensive?	I see your point.	Some artists go the extra mile and get original game systems that have those sounds in them and reprogram them to be instruments.	I love it.  It has sirius xm radio which I have been listening to a lot lately.	Yeah! They even made a music video!	I really loved 'Rubber Soul' but no one else seems to.
2	Do you think you are a good actor?	I love Carrie Fisher in the movie.	That would be Tom Cruise.	I really like Johnny Depp	Maybe the guy who plays fraiser.	Interesting question.
2	Do you think you are more positive or negative?	I am realistic. Not negative.	He was an attractive African American man. I'm trying to think of a song.	I think that Matt Ryan will continue to dominate. What about you?	YES, PROBABLY because we would like to be young again	Well, the Young Guns can fit the bill, but personally the sequel stank?
2	Do you think you would do well working a job that was overnight?	They did a great job showing what it was supposed to be and then creating an exciting end to it.	Yes, the music was fun and the story was interesting.	I thought they were excellent, and the soundtrack was great!	I'm not sure, but it would be such a treat for fans!	Who is that?
2	Do you think you'd like to visit Canada or the USA more?	I do use Netflix, but I also like to buy them from Amazon on occasion. Netflix is definitely simpler for me right now. Truth be told I'm not that big of a movie person.	Those Packers fans are fanatics! Probably a very long time but I don't know exactly.	Maybe Fultz from Washington..who else is there, Ball?	Okay, go ahead.	Sure, I have some time this weekend.
2	Do you use a clothes dryer at home?	I tend to watch it at home. I like to feel like I'm getting use out of the cable sports package I've purchased	Not the same quality. They wont last as long	I like to see movies in the theater about once a week and at home the rest of the time.....what about you?	Actually, yeah, I do! Now that I think about it, I have the perfect dress for you!	No.  I actually look on eBay quite often as well.
2	Do you usually wear a watch?	Hmmm.. I love watching William Perry.	I try to break norms with my fashion, mismatch and try new things.	Actually, yeah, I do! Now that I think about it, I have the perfect dress for you!	Well, it depends on the shows I will see but something beautiful of course.	Yeah, I wore them all the time.
2	Do you wear sunscreen?	I try to break norms with my fashion, mismatch and try new things.	Yes they do.	Well, it depends on the shows I will see but something beautiful of course.	No, but do you think I'd look good.	Yeah, I wore them all the time.
2	Does your country have a king or a queen?	yeah	I love Loretta Lynn.	Well Madonna naturally!  I think the mass media still sees it this way too.	Hard to say if there is one, he kind of created pop in a way. Not sure any females made the same impact on the music world.	Yes but it wont be until next year
2	Does your country have a motto or nickname?	I think it is fine, it is a name, not a ridicule.	Oh no?	And the fact it is our Capital city is bad too... it should be something government or US related I think.	RCA stadium? It'll never change. It'll probably outlast the NFL.	I grew up in south Florida, so it is my home team.  What is your favorite team?
2	Does your country have special occasions they celebrate with fireworks?	Thank you for this information, I want to hear them now.	I know!  Adam Levine is so hot!	Did you get the tickets?	Yeah I had the fortune of seeing them a couple of times and they blew me away with their performance.	That's true. Sometimes actors have fundraiser private parties, but you never see groups doing the big charity events like musicians do.
2	Does your favorite sports team have any nicknames?	Denver Broncos	I'm a Cowboys fan. You?	In the NFL or soccer?	In the NFL?	I love the Pittsburgh Steelers what is your favorite team?
2	Every get so frustrated at work that you just want to walk out?	Sure. Don't laugh if I fall!	A few but my fingers don't reach and move around well.	Yes I am. Do you want to go? I don't know how much the tickets are, but I'll pay for yours as long as you promise to dance and head-bang with me!	Each step is so painful.	It's funny how music is such a signifier of lifestyle and personality.
2	What is something you love about yourself?	Just the feeling of it, sounds great.	Rockwell accidentally shoots a lady and finds a mysterious box of cash.	He has really intelligent lyrics and an interesting storytelling style.	I love her outrageous outfits.	My favorite time to watch an NFL game is in the rain. It also makes it more exciting.
2	What do you have that you are grateful for? 	Mostly a star wars with more action	I have a couple of Carrie Underwood albums. You like her, right?	Somebody from the state said they were considering the proposal.	Same reason as you. They have good personnel and coaches.	No not really, I just watch a few games here and there.
2	What time zone do you live in?	I think any of the old singer-songwriters before they had gotten so old. What about you?	The West has some big teams such as the Seattle Seahawks and the San Francisco 49ers.	I think they need to get a dynamic guard in the draft, like that kid from Louisville, Donavon Mitchell.	They do, but I have never seen them. They are on my bucket list though.	Nope, all a bunch of nonsense to me, just another way mass media tries to steal my money.
2	Do you like outdoorsy stuff?	It's gotta be unique and original. And better if it's vintage.	I like 90's rock.	Yes. I love her. I've seen her in concert several times. Who are your other favorites in any genre?	Heck yeah I do.   They are amazing.	I only like a few of their songs.
2	Has anyone ever ruined your good mood?	I do enjoy his music.	Alright then, what's your favorite?	Yeah seriously you know I hate movie spoilers!	No, but I'm not interested. What music are you into?	I understand. That's kind of how I feel about Miley Cyrus.
2	Has a teacher ever changed your life? How so?	I just never realized rock music could be this sort of artistic and epic.	I used to love a lot of music from Queen also. Are you familiar with them?	How can a celebrity affect you in such a great way?	At first no, it was just an amoeba looking shape like a large cell. It was really interesting. It seem friendly too until provoked!	Defniitely The Dark Knight.
2	Has anything been bothering you lately?	Nothing much. Just been watching movies.	Yeah I have been listening to some Halsey.	Yes, I saw the Baywatch movie the other day.	Not in the theaters but I've rented a few movies from Red Box, nothing that I really enjoyed.	I've been sick. I'm starting to feel better, though.
2	Do you think you are very social? 	I was curious what they cost now.	Have you seen them play? It sure looks like it.	I love the Tokyo drift one! It actually has a different setting. I won't say exotic, but seeing them drifting and whatnot on Tokyo streets is very interesting.	Well, last year they had a rookie quarterback and although he started off good, he faded late.	Still making music but nothing huge.
2	Does public speaking make you nervous? 	Eventually there would have to be a showdown.	Well I guess it depends on who I am talking to at the moment. Also who I have been listening to lately will obviously influence me.	I don't really care what people think of my music tastes, but I'd say Tahiti 80-- this French pop band.	Everything looks fake these days.	I think what you want to ask is HOW i know that, not why. Why is a query into a reason, or the cause. How is an query into the mechanism.
2	Have you ever baked anything by yourself? 	No I went with one of my older sisters and my twin sister.	No, the kids talked me into talking the family.	No, why would I watch them?  Women are so much less aggressive and can't make shots	I went with my husband.	No, who is that?
2	Have you ever been hunting?	I went one year, I took my nephew when he was 10.	Yes, when I was in college we went to New Orleans and I stood outside half the night to get into Preservation Hall.	No, i've always wanted to go tho.	Is that the one with Robin Williams in it as well?	No, but I want to.
2	Have you ever been to a haunted house?	No.  I mean, it was just a movie.	Yes, to hear Meatloaf.	Yeah of course, I just went to an Aerosmith concert.	No I cant say that I have.	yes , but i was young at that time. Did you attend a concert?
2	Have you ever been to India?	No I cant say that I have.	Yeah, I just saw the new wolverine movie.	I went one year, I took my nephew when he was 10.	I always thought I would like to play piano.	Listening to music, watching movies, housework, video games, keeping my son from getting into trouble.
2	Have you ever built something?	I think I had seen bits and pieces of it a while back, but I actually want to see it now.	No, i've always wanted to go tho.	Yes, when I was in college we went to New Orleans and I stood outside half the night to get into Preservation Hall.	It really is. Julie Andrews is amazing.	No I cant say that I have.
2	Have you ever competed in a marathon?	No I am not that good of a singer to take part in a competition.	I have, and I always notice that Dom's arms just grow significantly.	in one day?! no man, that's too much!	I believe that.	Thats a though one. Both Cavs and Golden State Warriors are too good.
2	Have you ever drived a car in another country?	Oh jeez I didnt think of that.	I mean it was great because it was a submarine, but that submarine was also launching torpedoes at the cars!	Yes! It is so awesome. I feel like I am in the movie.	I thought Vin Diesel did a great job in that movie.	Neither would I. I think I'm going to sit the season out and cheer on from home.
2	Have you ever gone fishing in the sea?	I don't think so. Is it new?	No... is it new?	Is that a shark thriller movie?	I'm on your boat all the way.	There was a part where the son is talking to a woman and asked if she was his father's mistress. She answered there were only two women in his life, his wife and all the others.
2	Have you ever gone to the emergency room?	I do not think I have. Who is in it?	No, they advised I go home. I refused because I said Violent Femmes was playing soon and I wanted to stay and see them.	I know. And then there's the six weapons.	Planning isn't my thing. I think better if I don't plan.	NO ,WHAT IT IS LIKE? IS IT VERY GOOD?
2	Have you ever gotten close to a dolphin?	I watched it and wish I didn't.	That is an oldie isn't it? Who was in that one?	yes i did, it was crazy	All of the Pleasure Island parts are scary, too! He basically gets kidnapped!	My father actually took me once when I was about 8 years old, we saw the Kings going against the Bruins!
2	Have you ever had to quit something like cigarettes?	Almost when i was small he came to my home town where i was born and raised to do a show and he was going to perform on the Avenue. but the people got wild and ruined it.	No, my husband is not too into bluegrass as he's not originally from here so he has no urge to go.  I did get him to go to a smaller festival once and he didn't' complain too much.  Do you like festivals?	I'm wishful thinking. But realistically I don't see how we can pull this off, even if went alone.	Well, I can understand that. The second one is very bad.	The schedul look to be in their fave though.
2	Have you ever made anything out of wood?	I guess it was a little unrealistic.	Yeah, I remember having an ET figurine.  It was a little plastic toy.	No. I haven't.	I don't know they just popped into my today.	I think that given the Patriots success, it is not unbelievable that others are jealous.
2	Have you ever met a genius?	Yes, I have, in high school, I practiced for four hours a day because I thought I would be a musician.	You're right, I am a genius!	I see what you did there. Very clever.	Only about 40 times!  That one was awesome,	My father actually took me once when I was about 8 years old, we saw the Kings going against the Bruins!
2	Have you ever ridden in a horse drawn carriage?	Yeah, that one is a pretty good song.	Interesting. I was looking through their profiles earlier and it looks like their returning some key guys.	Phil Simms. He was the quarterback for the New York Giants.	Yes, but in a warmer climate.	Cool I like horror movies tell me more about the movie this one sounds really good.
2	Have you ever screamed at someone? (How come?)	You said musicians put messages in their music. That song is about-	Haha. Good point.	Lebron James is the superstar of the NBA.	He'll get tagged out. He's slower than Denny Green on salad day.	Oh, yeah.  I like most of the tracks on the album.
2	Have you ever seen dolphins in the wild?	Yes. I loved it.	Is that a shark thriller movie?	Is that the one that is about going into nature.	Uh... is that like a wilderness camp or something?	the movie was great
2	Have you ever settled a disagreement by using rock paper scissors?	And all the man hours that were involved.	Absoutley,,Elvis Presley.	So in C scale, the F gets a sharp and then all the notes after that also get a sharp?	No, that's why I'm so mad I can't go to the game.	I always felt bad for the dad that he had lost his wife.
2	Have you ever taken a class online?	Nope. Why should I? It's all the same.	Yes, a clerk once referred me to check out The Modern Lovers. That was an epic day in the development of my music taste.	I have taken a few.	No I haven't but my friend has, he loved it.	I have only been to one.
2	Have you ever tried a dating app?	Yeah, in Seattle.  The field was really green and I guess some of the stats were kind of interesting, but it got a little boring after a while.	Well I really was engrossed by gypsy caravan. I think that is the title.  Follows a bunch of different clans of musician gypsy's.	No I haven't but my friend has, he loved it.	The first one.	My father actually took me once when I was about 8 years old, we saw the Kings going against the Bruins!
2	Have you ever tried any fitness trends? 	I was really surprised by how into terrifying movies some of the kids are.	I have. I was lucky enough to attend Louis Vuitton's show in Japan.	Yes, a clerk once referred me to check out The Modern Lovers. That was an epic day in the development of my music taste.	Have you ever seen the movie "Drive"?	Actually I have been streaming some older ones. Yesterday I watched Sausage Party.
2	Have you ever tried to make some origami?	What? twitter retards, twittards. It's only apt.	I always thought I would like to play piano.	Yeah! It's a double shot of Seagram 7 and a double shot of Crown Royal on ice, splashed with just enough Coca-Cola to give it a darkened look.	Wow that was pretty bad. I think I might be a little scared now!	Maybe Odd Thomas. It's dark but funny.
2	Have you thought about doing a sky walk?	Well, currently she has a completely new look with her new album.	Yes, I am. My wife finds that hilarious too I like zombie shows and zombie movies.	That is a long story. I visited a local fan's club and bought it since the seller was in a financial crisis.	Yes, but not on my own.	Yeah, it came out in 2005.  It's a Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez movie.
2	How are you all doing? Any exciting stuff happened lately?	I saw Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2! It was awesome!	They don't really seem that different to me. They all start to blend together.	I might go and see a movie.	The latest movie I saw was the kid's movie Trolls. It was a super cute movie.	I went to see Seether a couple weeks ago, I love them!
2	How can you break a bad habit?	She had lots of prayer and she got some counselling.	I think I've seen Caddyshack about 100 times.	Jail.	oh, about once a month	Only a few minutes!
2	How do you show others how much you care for them?	Who knows! As long as they keep making money!	Some are from sporting goods stores and others are from auctions.	I hate them to be honest with you.	Well, I've only watched the first four. I'm kind of confused.	I got a great deal, two for 35 dollars.
2	How do you unwind at the end of the day?	I was a bit surprised since I didn't realize it was in the same universe as unbreakable. I would definitely like to see another sequel where David Dunn goes after The Horde.	I'm pretty sure Harry Potter wins, but I don't know for sure.	I would've loved to of been able to go down those slides.	Absolutely amazing. So much energy!	I used to like theaters but they are so expensive!
2	how is the weather where you live? Is it affecting you in any way?	Oh yeah, I can feel it, the NFL train is near, all day Sunday, Sunday Night, Monday Night and don't forget Thursday's.	With the instrumentation, it's pretty obvious.	I honestly just used to watch Dan Marino all the time and that inspired me to watch the modern era.	Dont let me down is my personal favorite.	That's an interesting question, since music has changed so much lately.
2	How long does it take your phone battery to run down?	What's the best stunt in the movie?	Sure. Do you have any preferences.	Maybe 15 washes.	Sure. Hand it over.	Definitely!  I would have no problem seeing it again.
2	How many cups of coffee do you think you drink in a week?	now you understand why their nickname is "gang green."  it was their only super bowl win, and in fact their only super bowl appearance.  it's not an easy team to root for, but I continue to root for them.  i'm not sure what that says about me, but i'm looking forward to this season.	Oh sure, I like going to watch the bands. I usually get three or four plates from different venders and grab a beverage and eat while I watch a band.	The Ombre pink drink looks really pretty but the violet drink sounds delicious!	Fair enough. So many one hit wonders in the 80's too.	It sounds really nice.
2	How old do you think is "old"?	Yeah,that is a cool song too.	Okay, fair enough. Let see if they stay healthy all year.	He is dead, died this year at 52.	Does it have Heath Ledger in it?	like the pace of the music keeps getting faster and more intense until it reaches its max and "breaks".
2	How tall do you think is the perfect height?	No way. I'd be doing my best to stay on his good side.	Over 7 feet for sure.	I agree. It makes my legs look really short.	Yes, I think it is one of the best ever.	No, but it is in the top ten for sure.
2	How would you describe yourself?	They are very spiritual. Every listen is a spiritual experience.	Of course!  It marked a real departure from the rest of their catalog and an evolution in their sound.	I just like the way that lyrics in classic music carried more emotion in them.	It has beautiful vocals, and extremely relaxing instrumentals.	Dory's parents were in it! There were also multiple friends made along the way!
2	What should I eat? Whats your favorite snack?	I like the whole bit with the copilot.	Make Yourself by far.	Just about anything.	It sounds cliche, but I love Don't Stop Believin'	I like Gone With the Wind.
2	If you could get tickets to any concert in the whole world, who would you go see?	Of course! I was born in the wrong generation music wise.	I want to go see Green Day, but they are not touring anywhere near where I live.	I would love to.	I don't know yet.  Give me a chance to change his mind!	Well I would have to go with Bruno Mars.
2	If you could have a single superpower, what would it be?	What do you mean?	I think I would say that I really like the physical contact the most.	Well, I really like "Hey Jude".	"Hey, Jude" is one of my favorites.	I would either say, "12 Monkeys" or "The Sixth Sense"
2	If you could have any animal as a pet which would you choose?	Baloo from the jungle book.	I would have to say, Deathly Hollows part 2.	I love R2D2!	I'd say the full-band sets. She definitely gets really into having the band around her, and I think she tends to push her performances more in those cases. Plus, she plays with a bunch of very talented musicians.	Probably 'Eragon.'
3	How do you wind down after a long day?	I do not go to the disco's often, I prefer to listen to music at home.	it is so dramatic and the acting is awesome	No actually I was not! I saw it by chance.	Oh, Elvis is amazing. An iconic rock and movie star even to this day.	YES I WILL CHECK WITH MY FRIAEND THAT WILL BE NICE.
3	How was life different before smart phones?	Oh Yes. it wqas already an existing phone when Matrix was released.	Oh, I remember.  I remember finding out my brother was watching the movie.	I'm talking about the movie Cell.	Explain the plot more to me.  I just don't understand.	I just like to listen to old fashioned CD's on my boom box for the most part.
3	When do you feel bad for yourself?	What? why?	Well Ifelt guilty because I had zero interest in their music or listening to it.	Is it that big of a deal	I know I think I would run too.	I hate them to be honest with you.
3	Would you like to work in a huge company like Google?	Maybe Salt Lake City?  A new sports team could help the economy?	agreed, not sure I will attempt that one, I will go see spiderman for sure, those you can count on being good	That's what I mean. If you work hard enough in time you will become a start talent yourself and beat others.	That sounds pretty corrupt.	A movie I saw in the theaters and would watch again was made a few years ago called The Strangers.
3	Among the couples in your life, who has been married the longest?	I think immigrant parents want their kids to say within their cultural group. But they also have to know it's a new generation.	The others went along for a vacation?	That's a stupid line for a movie. It's a science quote, not a movie line	I think i know the name of the movie who stars in it?	He was sure one of the best.  One of the greats was Don Mattingly on first.  Great hitter and team player also Captain.
3	What kind of app do you think you need for your phone? Make one up!	I'm still debating. She's big into older music.	Well, I have always been a fan of Kelly Clarkson.	I use Google Play Music. They offer a free month trial.	I dunno.  I like looking at something I can keep in my wallet.	I plan on catching up on some good movies!
3	What kind of anime would you suggest I watch? 	Oh ok i was not sure what you meant	well, can you tell me a name of any good movie these days that is not a superhero movies?	What?	All sorts, I love film.	I like the Rob zombie films.
3	Have you ever lived on your own?	Girl	Yeah, seems other than the occasional country song no one really covers it anymore.	Yes, actually I was lucky enough to see him when he was alive.	Yes, I've seen the sounds, birthday massacre and electric six live. They were all really good.	Unfortunately I haven't yet! I'd love to though.
3	Any tips on finding out what you want to do with your life?	Well, only if you wanted to. We go on Friday.	I'm still debating. She's big into older music.	Thanks, I would like that-don't worry I will return them to you.	So why is he a good composer?	I sleep
3	Anybody have some good tips for nipping bad stress thoughts in the bud?	Another good one that comes to mind is Jumanji. It has a couple of bad words in it but it is mostly fine for kids to watch.	If it does not need to be a British film, I would recommend Dogma and, my all time favorite - The Princess Bride.	Steve Kerr was having a great career in Tucson as a player at Arizona when I lived there.  Sometimes I used the research library at the U of A and I would occasionally see him there taking care of classwork.  He was a quality person.	Yikes.  They let New England score 31 unanswered points.  Not sure how any franchise moves past that.	Exactly.
3	When have you felt overwhelmed?	okay, yeah. have yOU? because that's clearly a terrible pop song	I don't know. What do you mean?	It felt like it was just retreading old ground	Well, the music did NOT "tickle my ears" like I used to get listening to records with a good set of head phones.	Not to much, just making my mom a CD for her birthday.
3	Are emotions necessary for human survival? Why or why not?	Well, I like Camelot because I love the story of King Arthur and, although it's a little odd for knights to be singing it really tells the story well.	That still doesn't explain why he didn't get a medal in A New Hope.	20.	Well, when my son was a toddler he loved th animated Book of the Jungle, he even imitate the Baloo dancing and sang his song. But the new one is a great adaptation of the book	They said yes, but they wanted to get Super Troopers 2 made first.
3	Are humans better at creation or destruction?	Yes, I suppose so.	Wow, that really sounds intense.	But doesn't Yoda say in Empire that the force flows through all things, even rocks and droids and stuff?	What are you saying? Humans don't like peace?	Is anybody else coming back to reprise a role from one of the other movies?
3	Are humans very different than animals? If so, what makes us different?	There is a bear.	Exactly, I respect that. There's a lot of egotism in contemporary music.	We are animals, technically.	Nothing to dark or heavy. Mostly those old hair bands from back in the day.	They don't really seem that different to me. They all start to blend together.
3	Are some lives more valuable than others?	Maybe. I think it's a mixture of genetics and also exposure as a kid.	It's not about who deserves what.  It's the excitement of the game.	And I guess the definition of "famous" isn't concrete.	yes disney came out with a few others after the first one	That sound boring.
3	Are there are any societal norms you want to change? 	I think they are. The Jets have bought on a consultant	I think so, yes.	I think that Matt Ryan will continue to dominate. What about you?	Gronkowski seems like a good choice, but he is injury prone.	Really? Are there other examples?
3	Are there any laws or social rules that completely baffle you?	They remind me of a bunch of preschoolers.  They just do whatever they want to do.	Yes they have changed the game quite a bit over the years due to safety concerns.	Thats where you become too much like a dictator.	No, but he destroyed team property or equipment, violated team rules, and was insubordinate.	No, not really. What new rules do you not like?
3	Are there any words that you think are completely international?	I think that Matt Ryan will continue to dominate. What about you?	I like the Jason Bourne movies a lot?	This is the End from 2013 and 21 Jump Street from 2012, but I guess those aren't too recent either. I think they don't make as many good movies as they used to.	"Roll with the changes" is another very upbeat song both on words and in the beat.	One Direction is probably the most relevant.
3	Are there are special traditions or customs in your country surrounding death?	From India we love to play the Daneesh.	I don't really think there are. Everyone else seems to like soccer.	I am not sure if they are from the same Country or not.	Oh, I see. Yeah definitely they fit in that catagory.	I don't know.  Timberlake definately is, but I don't know about the other guys.
3	Are you currently in your dream job? 	I want to be the person who plays music at the baseball games.	I'm putting together a list of best albums of all time.	Yeah,I found it.	Which of the two is my home team?	I like the New Orleans Saints.
3	Are you good at being agreeable?	I'm good at making baskets but I need to be more aggressive.	A ton of people hate it I'm sure, and it's actually pretty scary to listen to the first time.	The Packers have a pre-season game in DC against the Redskins, and there is a game just before Christmas against the Panthers in North Carolina	Says the guy who said the Saints are a bad team.	I would like to see Pittsburgh and Anaheim I guess, it seems like more of a true East-West that I like to see.
3	Are you happy with your job choice? Would you have done something different looking back?	Of course. Like you even said, they're super underrated.	Mostly country and some oldies.  Stuff that's very different from what you're listening to.	I have been watching a good bit of music videos on Youtube.	Maybe! Do they have any new music I should be catching up on?	Well i am thinking of a few things debating
3	Are you happy? What about your life makes you happy? 	Well, I have always been a fan of Kelly Clarkson.	My favorite is obviously Antonio Brown.	I would love to have all the Harry Potter movies!	i'm not sure. if i  finish my work early in that day.i will let you know if i can go with you.	Sure: double-sided blade from Maul, curved from Dooku, etc.
3	What are you looking forward to in the coming month?	Barbecued lil smokies and beer.	Well, Star-Lord saw the whole universe and now has infinite knowledge that doesn't go away now that he's no longer a god. How will he use that in the final Marvel movies?	Honestly, I'm more into the fantasy football aspect of it than anything else.	Is that the movie with Ferrell?	Of course!
3	At what point do you decide to upgrade your cell phone?	yes, take a look !	Because I am going to find some of her best songs so you can become familiar with her music.	I dunno.  I like looking at something I can keep in my wallet.	Oh. I never have.	Oh I think I could talk to him. He usually likes to trade free spots back there for some music!
3	Can people with vastly different cultural backgrounds live together peacefully?	Yes, I can see that. At the Olympics, for example, the host country usually has a concert showing the world how proud they are of their music.	That's a good question.	How important do you think a good music teacher is to mastering an instrument?	American market share is twice as large as Japan's	Ok that sounds unusual.
3	Does your culture have any urban legends or scary stories?	Definitely, Price is a very skilled pitcher, and those skills will translate into playoff wins if he's given chances.	Milan, she was the Asian princess right?	Strangely enough, there's Steampunk music. And, it has a strong subculture.	I just love that whole culture.  Is the movie out on DVD yet?	Not really. I'm not sure punk is being done very well anymore.
3	Can you be homesick for somewhere that was never your home?	I'd have to pick Eminem.	Sure, he really gets into stuff when I leave even for a minute- getting in the trash, eating the couch. So tell me what to play.	Hey, that would be pretty cool.  Giraffes are huge.	Ye but I think we do that to ourselves by putting too much credibility on the hype surrounding the movie.	True, let's hope I make it out okay if I try your classical workout music.
3	Can you name some animals that use camoflage?	Avengers, Captain America, Ironman, The Hulk, Thor, Spiderman, just to name a few.	I don't even have any burnable CDs anymore.  I mainly listen to music on my phone.	Oh, i'm a huge fan of natalie grant.  I think she is incredible; so inspirational.	Actually I can--John Lennon,  Paul McCartney, George Harrison,  and Ringo Starr.	That was ancient Egypt, and no. The reason Istanbul is special is because no one owns cats, they just live alongside them.
3	Can you tell me a funny traditional story that you would tell a child in your culture?	That's right. My first words.	I guess so. Yoda tells Luke, for example, not to give in to anger and hatred.	Well I guess it depends on who I am talking to at the moment. Also who I have been listening to lately will obviously influence me.	I like the reoccuring motifs in the movie as well	Yes, it brings back a lot of my favorite childhood memories.
3	Can you tell when someone is lying?	Jail.	No! I always wondered that though.	2013	What? Really, are you sure?	I think its Sheryl Crow, My Morning Jacket and one other band.
3	Did you ever meet someone online? How did it go and where are you two now?	I went to Lambeau Field.	My wife and I went.	The Cable Guy comes to mind. A lot of people I know really hated that movie, but I think it wasn't too bad.	Not unless you want to pay for an extra service.	THAT WILL WILL BE JUST FINE.
3	Do you think animals experience emotions like people do?	I do every time I play certain songs my dog likes to run around the apartment and play.	Definitely! Birds, for example, use their "mating call" to communicate.	What do you mean?	No, I think they like people they can relate to.	I think they are an overrated franchise.
3	Have you ever been obsessed with something? 	Yeah, I just saw the new wolverine movie.	I've been sick. I'm starting to feel better, though.	Yes, when I was in college we went to New Orleans and I stood outside half the night to get into Preservation Hall.	No, i've always wanted to go tho.	I went one year, I took my nephew when he was 10.
3	do you have a current goal you are working towards?	I like a local team near me.	I like the Jets a lot.	No not really, I just watch a few games here and there.	Yes, I was shocked by their performance.	I love to see him do it and then slam the ball though.
3	Do you have a favorite quote? What makes it resonate with you?	yes the father says, "you'll live forever if you give up all the things that make you want to."	Well I guess it depends on who I am talking to at the moment. Also who I have been listening to lately will obviously influence me.	Oh wow, that is a hard choice! I guess I'd have to say Anything Can Happen.	Well, I think it's the songs. "You're Gonna Lose That Girl" really draws me in, and it always has.	I really liked the movie Birds. That is a classic.
3	Do you have a friend that you can tell all your hopes, wishes, dreams and secrets to?	Oh, I guess that sounds sort of sweet.	I would hope so.  I look like a bum now.	That's a bit much, but yeah, Chewie needs his own story so us fans can really learn more about his background!	Well, Ariana Grande did have the big Manchester benefit concert and security was tight, but everything went fine.	YES THAT WILL BE GOOD I NO JUST THE RIGHT ONE.
3	Do you have a hobby? How did you figure out what you liked doing?	I like the last episode the best.	It was during batting practice at the Reds game. I went down during the last batter, and he hit it right at me.	No way!  You can control the internet with glasses, bots are next!	Because I've heard that from many people and I've read descriptions of it.	I was thinking we could both go to see a movie?
3	Do you have a nickname? What is it? How did you get it?	It was during batting practice at the Reds game. I went down during the last batter, and he hit it right at me.	Oh yea.  It's easily one of the best romantic comedies of the last few years!	Put it in my basement with all my other Star Wars memorabilia.	It was really slow.	I think roughly two hours.
3	Do you have any food allergies?	Well I have a nice little propane grill that I cook fish on.	Nah i can get some	Yes I have a boy that's 7.  He's just now getting into them.	Well it depends on what I expect from my movie experience, how interactive I'm gonna get.	How about "My Confessions" by Usher?
3	Do you have any ideas for dealing with food waste?	What do you mean?	Oh, I see. Let me think.	Of course! I suggest listening to the classic hip hop station on pandora.	Um, maybe Daft Punk? Doin' it Right?	Maybe Milo and Otis?
3	Do you have any ideas for new inventions?	I think she is a Skywalker.	Maybe Milo and Otis?	What do you mean?	What about jazz?	I am going to get some cleaning done and listen to some music.
3	Do you have any personal rituals for the end of the year?	I don't know, but I seriously doubt it.	I am going to get some cleaning done and listen to some music.	Where does this one take place?	Oh, I see. Let me think.	Sure I have seen all of them.
3	Do you know any palindromes?	He'll throw in a bit of obscurantism and doesn't always finish what he started.	Heck yeah I do.   They are amazing.	I think so.	Yeah, the most powerful classical music you could listen to.	Of course
3	Do you know any sign language? 	Just Beth, Strutter, and Shout It Out Loud.	Athletes that played professionally in multiple sports?	Not really, but I still like to sing along. I just mumble the parts I don't know.	Yeah, there are a few, maybe not the exact time but similar.	Yellow Submarine is one of them.
3	Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?	its kinda like an emotional roller coaster	I don't know. I guess I like watching people kill zombies, or zombies kill people but I don't like seeing people kill people.	Fightclub. Actually that's not true.	I really like xmen	Have you seen "When a Stranger Calls"? That's a favorite of mine.
3	Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?	You don't, but the Academy will always see cartoons as for kids, and won't even watch them.	I don't know. I guess I like watching people kill zombies, or zombies kill people but I don't like seeing people kill people.	Well, artistic in a couple different ways.	You think the minion movie has a weak story line wait until you watch the Scret lives of Pets.  It is even weaker.	No, nothing like that. It's just, it seems like some years nothing good comes out.
3	Do you like to talk about current events? 	Sometimes.   Lately, when I work out, I listen to ABBA.	Lets talk about music	How about music?	What about movies?	How about the nfl?
3	Do you like your job? If money were no issue, what would you like to do instead?	Do you have any movies you could bring over?	It's hard for me to put it into words, the chords he uses just resonate with me. It's like someone made music just for my consumption.	I was thinking we could both go to see a movie?	It was during batting practice at the Reds game. I went down during the last batter, and he hit it right at me.	They are so amazing the way they are animated. They are cute as well.
3	Do you regularly brush your teeth?	Yes, I brushed my teeh, but I couldn't find anything to wear so I just decided to stay inside.	No, but do you think I'd look good.	Yeah that's the feeling!	Yes I do.	Tomorrow.
3	Do you regularly cook at home?	Yeah thats what I like better	I tend to watch it at home. I like to feel like I'm getting use out of the cable sports package I've purchased	I like to see movies in the theater about once a week and at home the rest of the time.....what about you?	No, I mean, we have Netflix. But I meant in the theater.	Sometimes, but I am not crazy about their fashion, I actually like shopping at True Religion.
3	Do you speak more than one language and how well do you speak it?	I like that the words are not always important	Not really, but I still like to sing along. I just mumble the parts I don't know.	I think what you want to ask is HOW i know that, not why. Why is a query into a reason, or the cause. How is an query into the mechanism.	It turned out that the castle really was haunted by a number of ghosts. One of them was Liam Neeson and another one was Daryl Hannah.	Sure I can teach you a few of the rules what do you want to know?
3	Do you think everyone has the capacity to be a leader?	Ok, lets exclude Marino, Then who?	Mind if I plagiarize that and use that to explain to them?	I dunno.	no,Eminem?	That makes sense. Sometimes the effects matter.
3	Do you think factory work will be done by humans for much longer?	With his suit and his funny wife?	How do you figure so?  The original was rife with poor special effects!	Because you have say, Steve Young 1993 vs. Joe Montana 1988.	That's one of the things in the movie, when the bad moms own moms get involved in the picture.	2001 and The Godfather
3	Do you think it would be harder to learn a spoken language or a sign language from birth?	Very funny. But seriously.	I do not mind reading subtitles but watching a movie dubbed in a different language is annoying.	No, not specifically. But I thought the aliens might give her a gift because that also happens in a lot of movies.	Not really, K-pop is fun with catchy tracks.	Really? Are there other examples?
3	Do you think obesity is a big problem in your country?	Well I have to say that I am a big fan of The Band Perry.	Well, the rushing game was terrible last year.	I severely disliked Wiz Khalifa's feature in 'Stereo Hearts' because not only was the rapping underwhelming, but the language and tempo just didn't fit.	Exactly, that's the driving plot point and Mary Elizabeth Winstead as well as Aaron Paul do such a convincing job that you almost feel ashamed to be watching because you feel like you're intruding on their private moments.	I had not meant that far, more like on modern day music. Say elvis vs michael jackson.
3	Do you think pets are good or bad for kids to have?	Yes I have a boy that's 7.  He's just now getting into them.	They probably do it for us parents.	I think it would be okay for most. There is not much violence.	Nowdays all of the white kids have ipads and other expensive things.	From what I see, under dogs winning makes for exciting first couple of rounds. But boring in the finals.
3	Do you think that the type of shows that people watch reflect their personality?	I know what you mean.  Most people don't point to individual movies.	Milan, she was the Asian princess right?	I dunno.	Perhaps a little bit, yes. That being said, I just think they are good movies, overall.	Who is in it?
3	Do you think time travel will be possible in the future?	I hope not. I don't think I could survive.	Exactly, the best teams will, in theory, become worse and the worse teams will become better.	Just be more poppy and more bands with slight music change.	I'd love to see the characters again.	Yes I sure do.
3	Do you think walking is good exericse? Better than weight training?	Not bad.	Not bad.	For my cardio, I can do just about any type of music, as long as I enjoy what I am hearing.	I think Khalil Mack plays well.	I'm not sure Lonzo Ball seems pretty good too.
3	Do you think white lies are okay?	Green is a good color. It goes with just about anything.	Well, I guess.	What do you mean?	I just don't think LeBron can handle it all on his own. Kyrie will step up but they really need Kevin Love this year now that the Warriors are even more loaded.	you're right
3	Do you think you are stylish?	No not at all, it's just great.	Positive	Yeah, go ahead. And I promise I won't scream when you come back inside the house all muddy!	Yes! I like watching interesting movies again anyways.	Yeah, the name only appears in the script.
3	Do you think you could drive on the opposite side of the road than you do normally?	I can fight side by side with Luke and Yoda!	Very sentimental!  I think it refers to their longevity.  Their music will live forever and never be forgotten.	They got Demarcus Cousins and Anthony Davis!	yes, but opera knowledge is a very hard thing to come by.  They are usually in Italian.	I feel that my life is really stressful and that I don't want to give up when things are so difficult. No, I don't think I'm going fully down that path, but I feel that I must stay strong in spite of all the hardships and never give up.
3	Do you think you could live on Antarctica?	She was on carpool karaoke and stunk it up.	Yeah he is, all of his albums are on there.	I think their entire discography is there.	Yeah, their entire discography is available there.	No idea.  An argument can be made just to include every commissioner.  Probably not this year though.
3	Do you think you have a voice that would be good for narration?	Seriously?	Yes most artist are probably famous because they are good looking.	I think it has potential	Of course, I would be in heaven if I could make music everyday!	Yes, but that is not by Blake Shelton.
3	Do you think you'll live to 100? 	Yes, I think I'll sit this one out and wait for a tour where they play the old songs!	Sure. I want to guess. I guess Jim Carey.	I'm actually in the mood to hear some of the Beatles, if that's okay.	It doesn't matter, but I'm exicted to see it!	How about that Saturday at 5pm?
3	Do you think your country makes enough of an effort to use green energy?	Mind if I plagiarize that and use that to explain to them?	I think they do the best in that movie of really leaving you with a sense of awe of how great and majestic Hogwarts is.	That's what I mean. If you work hard enough in time you will become a start talent yourself and beat others.	If I was making millions of dollars, I woudn't mind. Wouldn't you like to see the season start earlier since there isn't really much sports.Y	Nah, not with me anyway. I haven't found something that sounds blatantly "happy" yet doesn't come across as extremely cheesy.
3	Do you try to do good deeds often?	Every game that I go to we always tailgate.	I am trying to start thinking a different way.	Well for one The Dark Knight was an amazing movie.	Nothing really, but millenials will stop paying to go.	Yes, tell me what this even is.
3	Do you use any type of cloud storage?	I have a Wilson.	Yes with Country music. It has a lot to do with heartbreak and country life.	Yes, usually rock makes me want to drive fast! It is good road trip music.	I use Google Play Music. They offer a free month trial.	Cotton is a type of calico product
3	Do you want to travel in time?	I would! I hope it would be close though!	Really early,I want to see batting practice.	It doesn't matter, but I'm exicted to see it!	I think any of the old singer-songwriters before they had gotten so old. What about you?	I THINK THE AFTER NOON WILL BE BETTER FOR ME.
3	do your parents had a favorite kid? do you have a favorite family member?	Well Taylor.	I have a couple. I love Guardians of the Galaxy and Antman.	Like of all time?	I like Bad Boys.	I liked the avengers.
3	Do you ever have times when they want to be alone?	Yeah, I think so. It's just pure goofy fun.	when i am driving to and from work in my car, i listen to a spotify playlist	I'm not sure. But for the fans' sake I hope so.	no, just your dream concert.	I remember really liking The White Ribbon.
3	Does everyone in your immediate family have the same name?	Girl	Yea I think there are some other prominent cases of that as well.	The obvious one is Kirk cousins because of his past with Kyle shanahan	Oh absolutely, there are some great parts in it that make you saw WOW.	That was crazy. I was nervous that he would hurt the children, but thankfully he didn't.
3	Does your area deal with snowfall quickly?	It's great weather for a game.  I can't wait for the Green and Gold to beat down the opposition this year and bring the trophy back to Title Town where it should really permanently sit.	I think the league needs to be harsher with guys that are obviously trying to hurt other players.	I agree. Otherwise you may get beat up.	I am like coach Tomlin and I don't live in my fears, man	Yeah, that's not a recipe for disaster.
3	Does your country have any special customs or events to ring in a new year?	Sure but can we avoid the GIants and Cowboys?	A good setting makes a movie much more enjoyable.	No, I sure haven't.  It'd be one hell of a show if they did!	We need to get better at linebacker first and foremost!	Sure! Don't you?
3	Does your family have any special traditions for weddings?	Sure! Don't you?	Definatly everyones with the Saints and i want the Steelers to go to the play offs.	We like any artist rendition of "Carol of the Bells".	I was thinking of using It's A Hell Of A Life for the bridal party dance.	One or two of them, i stand out from the crowd?
3	Did you ever say something that you later regretted?	I think it's more likely to have generational ships than to have the going to sleep for years.	I don't think so.	It looks way better than the first one.	No.	I actually did ! Did you?
3	When was a time that you put all your eggs in one basket?	My turn and so the chicken still steaming your mind starts to thinking of the moment it's time to leave and the chicken still rotten and something it looks like cheese.	Haha, that does seem kinda silly. They should've removed the bottom.	I actually cry every time I watch that ending.	Do you know why CKY broke up?	Yes, I love that. Then you wont ever see someone with your shirt on!
3	Ever realize that song lyrics were deeper than you first thought?	That's crazy, hey do you know who else is even in Panic! at the Disco besides Brendon Urie?	Yes! That song always lifts my spirits.	Oh, that's easy!	Did you have a favorite songs by them?	Yea, they're all about how he has drama with is family
3	Everyone dreams about winning the lottery. What is your dream figure, and what do you do with it?	It does take a little of the surprise out of it.	Wait.	I can't wait to see this one .. shall be another one full of adventure, I hope! It is the fifth one though, I wonder how they will keep us from getting too bored.	Absolutely!  Don't you think they're already working on it?	Some superhero movies may up lift a career too, put you in the limelight.
3	For 24 hours you can trade bodies with any videogame character you want. Who do you choose?	I would hope so.  I look like a bum now.	I mean, I'll follow the Raiders' season halfheartedly.	Well, the Young Guns can fit the bill, but personally the sequel stank?	Maybe Fultz from Washington..who else is there, Ball?	You have to be connected to the internet.
3	Did you ever not get offered a job you really wanted?	I thought they were excellent, and the soundtrack was great!	They did a great job showing what it was supposed to be and then creating an exciting end to it.	I would say Trey Songz	Who is that?	Yes and i dont really care for it, it seems to dark.
3	Has there been any movie that has had a lasting impact on you?	But no one actually does anything about it, right?	Yes, I knew it was out.	i presume so, like the movie "robin gate" would have been a bad idea if eddie murphy was used instead of L. Jackson.	So what team do you cheer on?	I am kind of excited to see the Transformers franchise come to an end
3	Have you had to deal with the loss of a pet?	Especially Jamaal Charles, do you think he will make a comeback this year?	Ha, ha, I hope that's not really true. Did you freak out when you saw this old baby.	What!!! Wow if that isn't motivation to keep in shape I don't know what is!	Yeah, players who don't do that are selfish.	It lets them know that people care, people who don't even know them, famous people who sang it, and everyday normal people who bought it to help support them.
3	When you have too much going on, any advice on how to refocus?	Looking up the phone numbers for mad scientist, not that I need the help or anything.	Yeah, that's gonna be tough.	I think the character Dom is strong enough, and the fan base big enough they will be fine.	Bruno Mars is a definite go-to.	Yes I am. Do you want to go? I don't know how much the tickets are, but I'll pay for yours as long as you promise to dance and head-bang with me!
3	Have you been to a fine dining restaurant? What did you order?	Yes, the new Mexican restaurant - Hacienda Fuentes.	You're right.  But I'm still wondering about what else I would like to do.	I guess Jasmine.	A movie I saw in the theaters and would watch again was made a few years ago called The Strangers.	Planning isn't my thing. I think better if I don't plan.
3	Have you ever "paid it forward"?	I don't think so...	Is it that horror movie that was recently released? No, not yet.	That's three. What are the final two songs?	Up?  I've never heard of that.	Ha ha ha, yes, it would have to be!
3	Have you ever been up in a hot air balloon?	Yes I have. She is very attractive.	Oh right. I forgot about that part.	Nope. Unfortunately my parents took away my materials!	Oh yeah, I can feel it, the NFL train is near, all day Sunday, Sunday Night, Monday Night and don't forget Thursday's.	That is correct. Lil Wayne?
3	Have you ever been in a really bad airport?	No. I haven't. Super scared.	When I was a kid, I had a Sebastian stuffed animal that I carried everywhere. I could never decide whether he was a crab or a lobster though!	I can't think of a bad one, either.	So many good ones this year.  Very deserving!	I don't know.... probably Mrs Potts because I would never be thirsty!
3	Have you ever been in an area where using horns was forbidden?	That's it.	I had heard that he was an actor in some of his earlier films.  did you like the movie?	Yes I have. She is very attractive.	You know... Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot was pretty dreadful. I'll give you that.	I think there are three. What did you think.
3	Have you ever been surprised by being able to do something challenging?	No I cant say that I have.	Yeah, I just saw the new wolverine movie.	I don't know.... probably Mrs Potts because I would never be thirsty!	Not to much, just making my mom a CD for her birthday.	I'm not sure I know what you mean.
3	Have you ever been vegetarian? What did or would you eat?	I did! I remember my mom making me a cake and the Pocahontas decorations.	Sure I have see movies after that but that was the last one in a movie theater.	Hmm. Gotta be Flicks. It's so sad, but somehow it's uplifting.	For sure.	Well, I do work nights and I don't have much time to watch television.
3	Have you ever crossed the international date line?	Is that a Star Wars movie?	No i have not but getting ready too.	Believe or not I never have.	Yeah, but haven't the last superbowls been exciting?	I tend toward classical-music style soundtracks, more than music-compilation soundtracks.
3	Have you ever dated someone with a different nationality? Was it more difficult?	Disneyworld has a Lilo and Stich rides.	Well for one it's overly charged with feminist undertones. Every singe guy in the film is portrayed as a total moron.	No, the thing that made all the difference was by that time they had the backing of Paramount.	It was a great exercise in movie making.	Well, that initial lineup fell apart, and I don't really understand why, but I imagine they all had very different ideas about where the music would go from there.
3	Do you think illegal downloading is a big problem?	Is almost 40 touchdowns and over 5,000 yards pretty good to you?	Well, the rushing game was terrible last year.	It just seems like it could be kind of cool. Like, Sofia and Elena are connected -- and Sofia keeps calling up the movie princesses.	I think girls tend to rap a bit harder because they think they need to prove themselves.	I mean they are increasing each and every year. Initially it was fun, but now it is getting repetitive and annoying.
3	Have you ever fantasized about changing your first name? To what?	I liked "Reflection."	That is a long story. I visited a local fan's club and bought it since the seller was in a financial crisis.	Oh, you know how much I love Andrew Bird.	I feel like Hail Mary has the best beat of all time.	Apparently Woody and Buzz Lightyear go on a search for Bo Peep, who was given away.
3	Have you ever gone up to the top of a light house?	I guess it was a little unrealistic.	What they want is for their parents not to sell the house. You should see it.	Plus it's such a small stadium. I know they're going to build a new one in the future, but it's a soccer stadium as is.	So what do they do?	Which small few?
3	Have you ever gone without internet access for an extended period of time?	Agreed, and it's wise to have a backup plan. The nice thing about CDs is that so long as the player operates and we have batteries, we don't need computers or even electricity to power them!	You can't coach what you don't know.  You have me thinking about rules and stuff and there's a lot to learn.	Ha, ha, I hope that's not really true. Did you freak out when you saw this old baby.	Woah, I wonder how's that going to turn out?	Why do you think the games have become so expensive to attend?
3	Has a misunderstanding ever caused someone to become angry with you?	Jail.	Yes, that's what eventually happens, but there are a few surprises along the way. I also really enjoyed the scientific approach they took to learning about the life form.	Did you like the movie Moana?	Well it's been swell talking to you!	Yeah, it was pretty funny but got serious enough.
3	Have you ever had a psychic reading? Did you believe it? Was it accurate?	It really is. Julie Andrews is amazing.	I haven't really been a fan of the whole franchise, but it was decent	Oh yea.  It's easily one of the best romantic comedies of the last few years!	I did like it.  I was just thrilling and action filled to keep my attention.  Plus there are one liners that are hilarious and whitty.  The main character samuel jackson wasn't a good guy or a bad guy.  He wanted the right things done.	I loved how BFG, which stands for Big Friendly Giant, by the way, would sneak through town without being seen by anyone.
3	Have you ever had an online relationship? As in purely online and never met?	I know what you mean.  Did you see how he acted with the ocean?	You, a college girl went alone to a scapler's hotel room?	well that is true and not true. The black doesn't really match the grey.	As a matter of fact, I do and they probably would love this movie.	No, but I always talk about going.
3	Are you able to solve your own computer problems? 	Pick a movie for me though	NO, I asked what are you listening to!  What music are you listening to?	Oh. I never have.	You have to be connected to the internet.	I guess that would be good
3	Have you ever had something unexplainable happen to you? 	No, my husband is not too into bluegrass as he's not originally from here so he has no urge to go.  I did get him to go to a smaller festival once and he didn't' complain too much.  Do you like festivals?	I'm not sure I know what you mean.	I would like to be like Ironman and have the ability to fly around.	Almost when i was small he came to my home town where i was born and raised to do a show and he was going to perform on the Avenue. but the people got wild and ruined it.	Not for the prices they charge. I'll just wait for it to come out on dvd.
3	Have you ever had to explain something weird that bothers you to someone?	YES. And unfortunately, it's happened to me twice.	That's not a problem, he's pretty smart. Thanks for giving me some information on it.	I say R&B because it's pretty popular and I think it woulf be fun to sing.	Not for the prices they charge. I'll just wait for it to come out on dvd.	Uh, no, thanks, but remember Fatal Attraction? Straying is dangerous in movies, and in real life, too, believe me.
3	Have you ever had to make a public apology? (How come?)	Have you seen the footage of when he was working on it?	I guess Jasmine.	It was completely incredible. My best friend bought us tickets for my birthday. Chaka Khan and Larry Graham.	Cody Kessler, Brock Ossweiler, and Kevin Hogan.	."God's Not Dead" is less than 10 years old now.
3	Have you ever heard the expression, "bad things come in threes"? What does it mean and do you believe it? 	Look, I'm just saying it's very convenient that a guy who can see the future can't see anything about these cataclysmic events that end up changing and entire galaxy.	That's true.	Yes. And I am telling you, it's overrated.	I have heard of that one too, guess I knew more of their music than I thought!	It has everything to do with it.
3	Have you ever mourned the loss of somebody you never knew?	I have! Is that his band?	I haven't but my mom was a fan so I know a few songs when they're played.	Yes! That song is my mom's favorite song of all time.	At one point I did, when he was confessing.	Why would they do that?  Just to blend in more?
3	Have you ever reconnected with an old friend after a long period of time?	Yes it was based on a true story.  At least they had a few months of an almost normal life albeit in a mental institution.	That changed?	What do you mean the last King Kong movie? I didn't honestly recommend it as much as I said it would be nice to see the last version before the new one comes out.	That was a scary one. It was more something jumping out at you and surprising you than just being a scary concept.	That makes sense.
3	Have you ever seen the writing of ancient civilizations?	That's a very interesting question. What did you find out?	Absolutely! That was a great movie.	I know.  I would have loved to see that.	I finally watched Star Wars for the first time last week.	Yes I have, I'm guessing there's probably over 10,000.
3	Have you ever set two friends up on a date? (How did it go?)	Yeah I do! The Patriots are always there so you can't bet against them. Do you at least agree on that?	24 bands are playing on two different stages, so that's about a dozen a day. They have both national and local bands, and they are some of the top bluegrass artists.	I couldn't even imagine.  How fun would that be?	The special effects are a bit outdated, but overall it was a good story.	Okay, even though it may sound a bit lame, I'm going with Poker Face.
3	Have you ever spent a long time away from someone you cared about?	Your mother? No, really...	That is a long story. I visited a local fan's club and bought it since the seller was in a financial crisis.	Oh, interesting.  That makes sense though.	No actually I was not! I saw it by chance.	At one point I did, when he was confessing.
3	Have you ever subscribed to a streaming service?	Yeah, like Netflix, Hulu and other stuff?	I do, do you want to see it?	Oh I was gonna use my Spotify account.	Absolutely - that way I can pick and choose what to watch on game days - very versatile.	For sure! I can't wait to watch!
3	What woudl you like to make if you had a 3d printer?	Nah, I'm just not a fan of any 3D movies.	What don't you like about it?	Well I really was engrossed by gypsy caravan. I think that is the title.  Follows a bunch of different clans of musician gypsy's.	YES PLEASE DO I WILL LOVE THAT.	Yeah, I think that it's definitely John Lennon. Plastic Ono Band is one of my all-time favs.
3	Have you ever won an award? What was it for?	Yes, it won a Grammy award, and I think was nominated for an Oscar.	The Oscar for best picture.	did it win some?	That's what I hear.	I liked the musical aspect of it. However, I could not believe they cast as the two main characters Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling.
3	Have you guys ever lived in a country far away from your home? What was it like?	Yes I sure do, it helped me through some hard times during high school when I was getting made fun of pretty badly, what about the song you chose?	I think it came out in 1987.	Oh, Elvis is amazing. An iconic rock and movie star even to this day.	That is a long story. I visited a local fan's club and bought it since the seller was in a financial crisis.	To be honest I'm not sure. All I know is that the guys I heard were really old and really good at playing Jazz.
3	Have you ever used wifi in a plane?	No. I haven't. Super scared.	Yeah, in Seattle.  The field was really green and I guess some of the stats were kind of interesting, but it got a little boring after a while.	Oh, um... he was just throw into something unexpected and it was his first test as a jedi.	now you understand why their nickname is "gang green."  it was their only super bowl win, and in fact their only super bowl appearance.  it's not an easy team to root for, but I continue to root for them.  i'm not sure what that says about me, but i'm looking forward to this season.	Yes I remember you saying you loved the job.
3	Did you encounter anything this week that was inspiring?	Yes, that was one of the best parts.	Since it rained all weekend, I bought myself a bottle of wine a watched a romantic comedy movie marathon.	See? Just by mentioning them you're learning more about Irish stuff.	I'm sure money was pretty much the goal of it.	M. Night is essentially creating his own Superhero Universe if you think about it!
3	When is a time that you sought the opinions of others before making a decision?	Yes, the lead singer John Fogerty took a number of years off to help raise his children and when they got older, he went back in the studio and recorded a number of hits and I believe the later 80s and into the 90s and had successful concert tours that packed the house.	What if he did address it?	Yea, that sounds a lot like what a group of scientists or officials would probably need to do in that position.	It was a great exercise in movie making.	The song "Let It Go" was perfect to convey that message. It was also one of the best Disney songs ever, in my opinion.
3	When is a time that you felt useless and what did you do about it?	Yeah he was deep and I loved him.	Yes, One movie I saw like that is Corrina Corrina	I don't mind that what is the movie about.	Yea, then they show just how psycho the wife was and how she set the whole thing up.	No, tell me about it.
3	Did you go to graduate school? Would you want to go back to school again if you could?	It seems dangerous.	I think any of the old singer-songwriters before they had gotten so old. What about you?	I dont know they have to figure that out.	Idk when you want to go?	Today at 3pm. I know what you mean, I have been wanting to go see it for along time too.
3	How can every help the environment?	Looking up the phone numbers for mad scientist, not that I need the help or anything.	Yes that would be nice.	Not only that, but he had over 1000 catches and 15000 receiving yards.	I know what you mean, if people just realized what great things a fundraiser does, and how someone they admire is involved, they might be more willing to participate.	They can make it mandatory to use on 4th downs and touchdown disputes.
3	How can you make someones day when they are really far away?	They don't really seem that different to me. They all start to blend together.	No idea.	I have heard good things about it...and well, Johnny Depp.	Not for the prices they charge. I'll just wait for it to come out on dvd.	Ye but I think we do that to ourselves by putting too much credibility on the hype surrounding the movie.
3	How can we make society more fair?	Who knows! As long as they keep making money!	Probably as many movie sequels as they can come up with.	I do not think that music can help with world peace. You?	Maybe! I would reccomend you go see that one.	I know what you mean, if people just realized what great things a fundraiser does, and how someone they admire is involved, they might be more willing to participate.
3	How can you take your mind off of something or someone?	Probably do a combination of both	I couldn't do it.	Well i like horror movies a lot.	Of course it did. Wouldn't all children want a dog after watching it?	I cannot to be honest.
3	If you were going to make a video to post online, what would it be about? 	The Cable Guy comes to mind. A lot of people I know really hated that movie, but I think it wasn't too bad.	Of course, I would be in heaven if I could make music everyday!	Thats true, i guess its not really something that the average family could afford.  Easier to just watch it on TV too.	I think you're being a little too judgemental about steroids. It isn't as dangerous as you think.	For sure they did, now he has the whole world after him since he crossed the continental owner.
3	What is something that you do regularly that is a waste of time?	I don't mind that what is the movie about.	still think the third one was	Because... he's Han Solo. I mean, he's the best one.	Or maybe it's someone who hits on a subject that resonates with the public,does well and then here come the copy cats.	It's an accounting and management issue. He's a controllable asset and you don't want to start his service clock where he becomes more expensive unless he can contribute.
3	What do you do when you have to tell someone "no" when they ask a favor?	It was during batting practice at the Reds game. I went down during the last batter, and he hit it right at me.	Its called EDM. Its rad!	Well as it is they're just a notch below mediocre, so I can't really work up and justified rage about them. They're kind of disappointing, but not so bad that it's fun to make fun of them.	Scoring was better back then	True it could have been more realistic.
3	How do you go about making difficult decisions? What steps do you follow?	I am trying to start thinking a different way.	All of them!	Every game that I go to we always tailgate.	I don't want to spoil it all for you, but if you read historic accounts, what they did was they used trucks to enter the town and then smuggled out people and hid them in their home beneath the tunnels of their zoo.	It has some of my favorite Beatles songs of all time, like Revolution, Glass Onion, Happiness is a Warm Gun, and more!
3	What do you do if you meet panhandlers or beggars in the street?	Not really. I do not think they are very talented.	I haven't heard of them, but the name sounds cool!	I find myself liking some of their songs.	I like to think that she would.  She loved Gardner too.	I like True Grit if course.
3	How do you handle easily offended people? Are you easily offended?	Well you know what they say suffer for fashion. And it is my own style, why not?	It was during batting practice at the Reds game. I went down during the last batter, and he hit it right at me.	It's great so far. "All I get when I'm with you is Wild Thoughts!"	Oh, I don't know. A film's supposed to move you. Thing is, it made my sister cry too.	Not exactly, I just don't think advertising that I like Boy Bands is the best idea.
3	How do you keep a conversation going when the other person invovled isnt very talkative?	Exactly, that's the driving plot point and Mary Elizabeth Winstead as well as Aaron Paul do such a convincing job that you almost feel ashamed to be watching because you feel like you're intruding on their private moments.	They toe the line between multiple genres. And they have tons of different electronic pieces in rock music that makes it super creative and something that's never been done before.	Yeah, and he regresses right back to his delusional self and they take him away at the end?	Jail.	My favorite thing is the way that he talks when he says things like "Meesa"
3	How do you handle self-critical voices?	I agree and am thankful they are on my team.	Yes, they are technically challenging to play.  The Sax part is great too.	I often find I want a gentle calming feeling. I think I feel worked up while at the gym or maybe to self aware and the classical helps soothe me.	I didn't,I just started getting into the comics after I saw the movie.	Oh, i'm a huge fan of natalie grant.  I think she is incredible; so inspirational.
3	How do you think being a celebrity could be a bad thing?	I'm still a fan because I live in Cleveland and I'm loyal.	I think it has potential	No, it destroyed a lot of the original Star Wars mythology for me.	Not in particular, but I like a lot of the 80s ones.	The fans were quoted as being shocked and surprised, and said he acted just like his movie character.
3	How do you think the first passengers on the first passenger flight felt during take off?	I kind of expected it but it was a little bit of a surprise.	I kind of liked that movie. But I couldn't really tell who she was as a character in it.	Yeah, They went in their recently deceased father's old Buick cross country and had many adventures along the way.	And they would wear high altitude flight outfits.	I think I would have just did like some of the men were doing steady having drinks ans trying not to worry so much.
3	How has cloud storage changed our lives?	yeah, he was blacked out when holding breath for too long	Maybe, they will do another film	Or can we? We do have the x ray technology	See, yeah, and that shows a point as to why so much music comes out of black America -- it's such a unique cesspool of inequity and horror that they've got to create some damned strong art to keep their heads up at all.	It's just interesting to see someone start one place and end up another.
3	How has social media changed your life?	Check out Robert Englund's biography if you haven't already.	I know! i hate when artist don't release good things to their fans.	I just never realized rock music could be this sort of artistic and epic.	It is very important to me, I listen to it everyday.	perhaps, we're definitely looking at a different aesthetic now than we were 30 years ago.
3	How important are morals in a healthy society? What are the most important morals for citizens to have?	Whatever the message was, I thought Morgan Freeman was very good in it.	what would happen?	So you think they should follow different rules?	How about jewelry, I see that you wear a diamond necklace. Do you think jewelry is also an important part of fashion?	So you think it hurt the NFL for him to kneel?
3	How many apps do you have on your phone? Do you use them all regularly?	yes, take a look !	I plan on catching up on some good movies!	Oh definitely! I just happen to listen to top 40 all the time, is all.	I use Youtube and some lessons a friend sent me on video.	I have a lot of Smashing PUmpkins and some Silverchair
3	How many different alphabets do you think there are in the world?	You mean genres?	The visuals in the new version of Tron were more vibrant, the suits that the characters wear glow more realistically.	Well, I really liked Zeromancer's "Send Me An Angel".	I honestly don't know, it just sorta popped into my head.	There was the original old-school one made in the 30s, the Naomi Watts one, and then one I didn't see that took place entirely on the island.
3	How much do you think you spend on groceries in an average month?	For Wrigley's Stadium?	Not to mention you won't get rained on.	Their contracts do vary a great deal, though.	I actually agree. The last movie I saw in theaters was the second Chipmunks one.	Thats true, i guess its not really something that the average family could afford.  Easier to just watch it on TV too.
3	How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?	I like the Rockets.	It was during batting practice at the Reds game. I went down during the last batter, and he hit it right at me.	I sleep	I heard about six pm.	I probably spend about $200 a year.
3	How often do you buy new clothes? Do you enjoy shopping for them?	I like to shop at target and aeropostale for accessories most of the time.	Believe it or night, I like the sneakers with logos.	Why not fur coats?	There is a outlet for both stores at Sawgrass Mills.  Great way to save money and the selection is usually great.	Yes! I love them. I still remember listening to Republic in my room in middle school.
3	How often do you think about quitting your job and what would you do if you did?	Because I've heard that from many people and I've read descriptions of it.	My family are huge Packers fans and bring it up every season.	I know I think I would run too.	No, I think it's all what he HOPED would happen. I think he either died or is jail.	Well, I think they'll do good. You know, the titan's still a young team and there are lots of talents...
3	How should success be measured? By that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?	I am beginning to agree with you. Even with his crazy popularity there is a lot to know and admire.	Do you prefer to read a book before seeing a movie?	Because you have say, Steve Young 1993 vs. Joe Montana 1988.	I had not meant that far, more like on modern day music. Say elvis vs michael jackson.	Yeah, I think it refers to an aesthetic, but I'm not even sure if there is anything that unites the disparate acts that play indie rock.
3	How would you live your life if money was not an issue?	It's an accounting and management issue. He's a controllable asset and you don't want to start his service clock where he becomes more expensive unless he can contribute.	I'd have to pick Eminem.	That's a profound question. But the language stuff, how did that fit in?	Kind of.	Of course, I would be in heaven if I could make music everyday!
3	What would happen if you deleted all of your social media accounts? 	I have in fact.	actually, all sports not just basketball suffer from having no focus on actual sport and competition	The obvious one is Kirk cousins because of his past with Kyle shanahan	Well I guess it depends on who I am talking to at the moment. Also who I have been listening to lately will obviously influence me.	So many of the summer's movies are just old movies rehashed or sequels. I don't think anything original is out there.
3	What is one of your favorite topics to talk about with your friends? 	I would have to say Tupac. He rarely made a song I didn't like.	Easy, The Princess Bride!	I like to put it on pandora and just let my radio station play.	Oh good question.	I like the guitar for sure.
3	Have you ever grown vegetables? If not, what would you like to try growing? 	Well, also been meaning to catch the film What We Do In the Shadows.	Hmm. Gotta be Flicks. It's so sad, but somehow it's uplifting.	Just looking at all the new movies coming out, these next few years are going to be awesome!	That Zeke got game, and the coach knows real talent.	I cannot decide. There are so many underrated live action ones.
3	I hate working out more than anything. What do you do to make yourself enjoy exercise?	I honestly hate rock and roll. It just sounds like noise to me.	Sure I can teach you a few of the rules what do you want to know?	I know, right?	Definitely! I can't wait to see if all of the characters from the last movie are still in it.	The evil sea witch Ursula tries to stop them from falling in love by using Ariel's voice to woo the prince.
3	Can you recommend a good book to me? 	Of course! Have you listened to Nova Rockafeller yet?	Girl. John Lennon sings that one. It is great.	Well, have you seen the SIlence of the Lambs?	Of course!  Yonder Mountain just came out with a new album this month called "Love. Ain't Love."  I heard it's good.	Well definitely in terms of the musical aspect.
3	What makes your city the best? How would you convince someone to move or visit there?	Well I guess it depends on who I am talking to at the moment. Also who I have been listening to lately will obviously influence me.	Sure. Don't laugh if I fall!	That's a tough one. But one of them is "Peaches and Cream."	Let me think, well Huey Lewis, the singer makes a cameo?	Maybe Salt Lake City?  A new sports team could help the economy?
3	What were your experiences at your first job like?	We had really good seats in the 30 yard line, about halfway in the bottom section.	That's a great question. Let me think.	I'll start with Russell Allen, who's an American metal singer most known from Symphony X.	I want to be the person who plays music at the baseball games.	OK, I'll bite.  What was the significance of the Nuremberg trials?  And for the record, I'm a music major.
3	Do you enjoy cooking? What can you make the best? 	Tough one.	The last one was pretty good.	I love Terminator.	I really love lethal weapon.	I plan on catching up on some good movies!
3	What are some things you are scared of? 	I like the Jason Bourne movies a lot?	I like 80's and 90's music a lot.	Harry Potter, Star Wars, Indiana Jones and Jurassic Park.	I like classical, jazz, hip hop, rock, pop.	There was the original old-school one made in the 30s, the Naomi Watts one, and then one I didn't see that took place entirely on the island.
3	If an alien came to Earth, what do you think it would think about our technology?	Absolutely. I also liked that approach.	Let me think, well Huey Lewis, the singer makes a cameo?	I guess, yeah, there's lots of raw material sitting around now to make something beautiful. I wonder if there's any way to repay the debt, though.	Absolutely!  Don't you think they're already working on it?	The worst, the absolute worst was when Padme puts him in charge of being a senator for Naboo while she's away in Attack of the Clones.
3	If you could interview one deceased person, who would you choose? 	I just couldn't. I have too many songs that pop into my head.	I would go with Chris Farley.	Aaron Lewis, from Staind.	I would have to say, Deathly Hollows part 2.	I love R2D2!
3	If one species on Earth could learn to talk, which animal would you choose?	Fine, go ahead.	My money is on the Earth people, but I hope I'm surprised with an antagonist that is completely different.	Absolutely. I also liked that approach.	That still doesn't explain why he didn't get a medal in A New Hope.	I have to say that I still love the 80's rock music.
3	When something is bothering you what do you do to help you not dwell on it?	It was during batting practice at the Reds game. I went down during the last batter, and he hit it right at me.	No problem, it brings me back to my highschool romance.	Yes, please do.	Because I've heard that from many people and I've read descriptions of it.	Is it that big of a deal
3	If you are good at something, is it your duty to help others that need help with that something?	Looking up the phone numbers for mad scientist, not that I need the help or anything.	Yeah, but if he gets hurt it could stop his chances from the big leagues.	Well I suppose my rap fandom came in two waves. Firstly the late '80s stuff like Public Enemy, Tribe Called Quest, NWA and so on.	Mind if I plagiarize that and use that to explain to them?	Okay, so go ahead, tell me some good EDM band.
3	If you can link me one song to convince me to like your favourite band... what would it be?	Depends on my mood, sometimes if I'm angry I like to listen to Linkin Park.	I really liked Wasn't Me by Shaggy	Is that a trick question?	I don't think I would ever love it. But a change of a perspective is a good suggestion to deal with it existing.	Check out the song "Broken Bones." It has an awesome guitar part.
3	If you can time travel then who is that one person you want to meet?	I'd say the full-band sets. She definitely gets really into having the band around her, and I think she tends to push her performances more in those cases. Plus, she plays with a bunch of very talented musicians.	well Drake it is.	Each step is so painful.	I would have to say, Deathly Hollows part 2.	The Smashing Pumpkins
3	If you had to live as an animal, what kind of animal would you want to be? 	I have to say that I still love the 80's rock music.	Of course, I would be in heaven if I could make music everyday!	Ha, ha, I hope that's not really true. Did you freak out when you saw this old baby.	I'd have to pick Eminem.	I honestly just used to watch Dan Marino all the time and that inspired me to watch the modern era.
3	If you could change 3 things about your life, what would it be?	Well, yeah, that and the thing with Kylo Ren and Darth Vader and Han Solo.	Let me think, well Huey Lewis, the singer makes a cameo?	I heard it goes into Wonder Woman's Amazon origins.	Ye but I think we do that to ourselves by putting too much credibility on the hype surrounding the movie.	No, tell me about it.
3	If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?	I think I would say that I really like the physical contact the most.	Well, I really like "Hey Jude".	I like the movie Brides Maids.	I watched a few trailers for the movie. It looks interesting, especially that other robot -- the rounded white one that floats around.	Probably Wanted Dead or Alive.
3	If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?	I think any of the old singer-songwriters before they had gotten so old. What about you?	Which is a ripoff, by the way.	Of course! I was born in the wrong generation music wise.	Planning isn't my thing. I think better if I don't plan.	I don't know yet.  Give me a chance to change his mind!
3	If you could go out to eat any meal you wanted, for free, where would you go?	I cannot decide. There are so many underrated live action ones.	Not to mention you won't get rained on.	The Smashing Pumpkins	I have to stop by the mall, so we can hit something there, and then head for the movies.	Not sure, maybe this weekend.
3	If you could have 3 wishes, what would you wish for? And why?	Hmm. Gotta be Flicks. It's so sad, but somehow it's uplifting.	I didn't get to see it yet.	What is it?	The new Mission Impossible movie. Rogue Nation.	I wished for a lot of things.
3	If you could have personally witnessed anything, what would you want to have seen?	Of course, I wish I had an autograph by him.	I think it could be Jeff Bridges wife.  Rosemary was his daughter and in order to know that he had to married and had a baby.	I actually think this is one that might be better than the original.	I'm not sure I know what you mean.	Well, I really like "Hey Jude".
3	If you could have tea with one fictional character, who would it be?	I love R2D2!	Obi Wan Kenobi because he's a very interesting character and I'd like to see him as a child and as he was training under Gui Gon.	Hercules. I'd like to be a hero.	Since I am female  I would have to say lea.	This may be unusual, but I like Snape.
3	If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?	I guess that would be good	I heard it goes into Wonder Woman's Amazon origins.	What is it?	I will have to say that the Atlanta Falcons will do it!	Yeah, but they could improve.
3	If you could live anywhere on Earth, where would you go?	I think any of the old singer-songwriters before they had gotten so old. What about you?	Of course! I was born in the wrong generation music wise.	I don't know yet.  Give me a chance to change his mind!	I liked their colors when I was little.	I would love to see My Chemical Romance.
3	If you could master any instrument on Earth instantly, what would it be?	Of course, I would be in heaven if I could make music everyday!	I'd want to learn to play the guitar the most I think.	I have to say that I still love the 80's rock music.	Back in the 80s?  Is that what you like, the 80s metal?	Anything at all from any movie?
3	If you could pick one skill to be great at, what will it be and why?	Probably Wanted Dead or Alive.	I think I would say that I really like the physical contact the most.	Each step is so painful.	Three Lock Box.	Ye but I think we do that to ourselves by putting too much credibility on the hype surrounding the movie.
3	if you could play one sport professionally, which one would you choose?	I would have to say, Deathly Hollows part 2.	I would have to say football would probably be my choice.	I would go with the Colts version	Well, definitely Tom Brady.	Three Lock Box.
3	If you could say something to your favorite celebrity who would it be and what would you say?	I remember as a kid one of my good friends loved Leann Rimes. Do you remember her?	Well, it could be disturbing for anyone, but I think at least 16 and probably closer to 18.  Definitely not young kids or pre-teens.	I loved Land Before time	I would say Trey Songz	I think I would say that I really like the physical contact the most.
3	If you could, would you have your brain put in a robot body?	Han Solo shoots Greedo under the table in the Mos Eisley Cantina from under the table!	No way. I'd be doing my best to stay on his good side.	I couldn't do it.	That look was way too restrictive.	Of course, I would be in heaven if I could make music everyday!
3	Is it possible to nicely tell someone you hate spending time with them?	You but the tickets and I'll buy the refreshments.	If I disliked someone I'd want them to root for my team so they could suffer too.	Yes that would be rough.	I imagine its diffacult and frustrating   Guess thats why were are not actors or directors.	Jail.
3	Is it rude to return a gift you kinda want for something you really want?	Depends on my mood, sometimes if I'm angry I like to listen to Linkin Park.	Well, I have always been a fan of Kelly Clarkson.	Why don't we split an Uber?	Yes, please do.	OK, cool. Where did you see it.
3	Is public transportation in your area convenient? How could it be better?	Yeah.   I think people who write history books are generally so devoted to getting absolutely every detail right, they bore people to death with minutiae.	That's exactly how it is.	Planning isn't my thing. I think better if I don't plan.	Agreed, and it's wise to have a backup plan. The nice thing about CDs is that so long as the player operates and we have batteries, we don't need computers or even electricity to power them!	I get that. And a wish to not be on the very last bus that Shuttles them out of the ball park.
3	Is there something out there that disgusts you? What is it?	It's pirate metal, fam.	They are constantly trying to see girls, and they are always trying to dodge this one teacher who is trying to catch them all the time.	It incorporates elements from a number of different genres, beautiful melodies, and hard hitting drums.	It is funny and very energizing.	They have plush seating. Alcoholic drinks, and good dinner food.
3	Is there something in the world that you want to change? 	Kind of.	I honestly don't know, it just sorta popped into my head.	It is definitely a great movie and teaches some really great lessons.	Mind if I plagiarize that and use that to explain to them?	I had not meant that far, more like on modern day music. Say elvis vs michael jackson.
3	Is your culture represented well in other countries? Does it have a special distry or "town"? (China town, Korean town, etc.)	I'm not sure but in the U.S. they have a decent-sized following.  They have been on Saturday Night Live before as the musical guest.	Don't be an idiot. What's your favorite?	You're probably right.  I just can't help but think Leia's line there could have been so much more dramatic--even humorous...	After the group broke up, Harrison released his "All Things Must Pass" album which almost forced people, who had previously overlooked him, to notice him.	Well, it's all noise to me.
3	Is your life the way you thought it would be 5 years ago?	Yes, true.  Believe it or not, Ice Ice Baby was the first hip hop single to reach the top of the Billboard hits.	I'd have to pick Eminem.	That's easy -- A Goofy Movie.	Hmm let me think.	Definitely. I truly do not know anyone who dislikes that movie.
3	Is there anybody in your life that is overdue for a phone call?	so whats the number to the radio station?	Absolutely. If he had it his way he would have been here back in march but the redskins are making things very difficult.	Yes! And it made "The Circle of Life" such a classic song. Once you hear it, it's stuck in your head forever!	That's exactly how it is.	Because he is black.
3	What do you have to brag about this week?	I was thinking of watching "Wonder Woman."	Well, unfortunately I think the Patriots are probably going to have another good year.	Nothing much.  Probably just relax at home and either read a book or watch a movie.	I'll admit they would be lucky to win five games.	You know how the premise of the last movie was Ralph traveling into other game worlds?
3	What do you think is the coolest thing about you? Is it a very unique trait of yours?	Not in particular, but I like a lot of the 80s ones.	My favorite would be Hermione because she is so smart.	It seems like it might actually fly.	I think it is called Wilson. He said it is a comedy that he has heard good things about.	No, but it is in the top ten for sure.
3	What kind of videos do you like to watch online? Why do you like them? 	All kinds, as long as they have a good story line.	I love comedies.   I also love documentaries.	Well, I like classic gangster movies, and film noir-	I like movies that men probably would not watch with me.	Yes I do.   I started watching the whole movies when Fast 5 came out.
3	What do you do at work when things aren't busy? 	That is not the point. Besides that, some of them had these unique looking furs which made them look like animals, especially the Mexican. You keep getting the feeling that the Mexican is going to whip out shotguns out from under his furs at any moment.	I'm a fair weather fan. I only have an interest if they are in the play offs.	Still making music but nothing huge.	Their draft class looks kind of weak, and Russel Wilson isn't getting any younger.	That is a total chill song.
3	How do you get motivated and stay that way without losing focus?	Eventually there would have to be a showdown.	At least in the case of the Patriots, they are a very steady team. Same coach, same QB, year in and year out.	Yes and no but truth is who has that great lockdown defense in the NFL now anyway?	Oh that I can understand.	Well, Ariana Grande did have the big Manchester benefit concert and security was tight, but everything went fine.
3	What is the best gift you have ever gotten on a holiday or for your birthday? 	It really is. It's a great year for movies all around, though. Right after that is 'Justice League.' "	I agree, he is elated when he recieves her answer. There is much more to this movie, but I don't want to spoil it for you.	I would have to say football would probably be my choice.	Definitely. I love it.	I got a lot of CD's that I have been wanting!
